























































































































1st Chorus: volume gradually grows over raindrop background
2nd Chorus: full volume with beat right after
20 million other white rappers emerge
A certificate of authenticity, you'd never even see
A beautiful face is all that you had
A normal life is borin, but superstardom's close to post
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
A visionary, vision is scary
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
A tisk-it a task-it
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest
AAA.B
AAAAA
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!)
Add also, don't grow partial,
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
Admittedly i probably did it subliminally for you
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
After the track is demolished
Aggressed, you can't leave
Ahem, back by popular demand
Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head
Ain't no fallin no next time I meet a new girl
Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now!
Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood
Alien brain, you Satanist (yeah)
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
All I'm tryna say is get back, click-clack BLAOW
All I know is
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All my life I was very deprived
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin'
All this tension, dispensin' these sentences
All the things growing up his daddy that he had to see
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it
Almost as if to... say
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
Alright
Am I too nice? buy you ice,
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
Amoxicillin is just not real enough
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen
And save me from myself and all this conflict
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
And show these people what my level of skill's like
And get a new plan, momma's got a new man
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
And I try, sit alone and I cry
And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow
And it's cold, tryin to travel this road
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
And go about your life, like it was nothing
And I hate to be the bad guy, I just hate to be the bad guy
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
And don't think cause he's been out the pictures so long
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, go!
And gee who better to talk to than you?
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back cause they suck
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
And Matthew and Stan's just symbolic
And I believe I'm striding the roads, I guess I can't breathe
And I beg and I plead, drop to knees
And I cry and I'd scream, baby, please don't leave
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
And you must hate me
And you've had enough of me
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
And I'd beg and I plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, baby, please don't leave
And left nothing, nothing for me
And you're still in love with me
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
And a life we could've had and we could've been
And I thank you cause you made me a better person than I was
And after all that's said and done
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
And I just can't keep living this way
And don't even realise what you did, believe me you
And right now there's a steel knife
And I love it the more that I suffer
And right before I'm about to drown
And I love it
And neither one of you
And these words
And we fall back
And set the house on fire
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
And it's no movie, there's no Makai Pfeiffer, this is my
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
And it's a disaster
And up under your skin like a splinter
And Moby
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (Agh!)
And there's a million of us just like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!)
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
And Nathan's growin' up so quick, he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
And no, I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing
And I am whatever you say I am
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
And they blame it on Marilyn (On Marilyn) and the heroin
And it's burnin', and I have returned
And I am whatever you say I am
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
And I just do not got the patience (Got the patience)
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
And what bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
And they want to get one cause they think the shit's cool
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
And at the time every house that we lived in
And your mom was saving money for you in a jar
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
And you and Laney were to young to understand it
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
And if you ask me too
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
And make him eat every carat don't f*ck with dad (haha)
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
And everything you stand for turns on you despite you
And put hands on her mother, who's a spittin' image of her
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door it turns to a stage
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And at the exact same time
And burst in a ball of flames
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
And I should not be woken
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
And understand the discrimination
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
And my nightstands are full of open Bibles
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (No more)
And start over from scratch and write new ones
And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (Shit)
And you can never break my stride (Nope)
And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (No more)
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
And this shit just isn't none of my business
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner, then
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in
And that's why, my love
And baby, you know
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
And have a man-bun?
And still usin' that mothafuckin' Auto-Tune
And I'm just playin', Diddy
And half of them ain't even funny like
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
And flip them, don't expect no help
And get up and get my own
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes
And when you feel weak you feel like you want to just give up
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you want to just fall flat on your face and collapse
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end
And its absurd how people hang on every word
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content
Andre from Outkast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me
Angels fight with devils and
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back,
Appeal with the skin color of mine
Are they asking me that because of the sh-t thats been thrown at me
Are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
As cops appear in my driver side mirror
As we pick up the last Mathers left off
As long as the wrong feels right
As mine is
At the dry wall
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
Attempt fails, Budden, L's
Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
Baby please come back
Baby it was me
Baby mama drama's screamin on and
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, get down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, get down
Back to the lab again yo
Backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
Backs to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (No love)
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
Before we can even talk about it (talk about it)
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Bein' rich-shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Between you and I,
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
Bitch you make me hurl...
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life,
Bitch so what?
Bitch you make me hurl.
Bitch you make me hurl.
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom!
Bitches they come, they go,
Bitches they come they go,
Bitches they come they go,
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Bite me, bitch, chewing on a nineteen footer
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Blend in with the rest of the room
Blow up and be in a position
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut off the middleman
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
But I'm actually weirder than you think
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
But if one kid out of a hundred million
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life
But I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad!
But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know
But it's everything to me, it's my credibility
But yet I'm still unsigned, havin a rough time
But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go
But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn
But I am coming for closure
But ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollas
But I do know one thing though,
But I guess that's just what sluts do,
But I do know one thing though,
But I do know one thing though,
But you won't break me
But you're all that I love
But you won't break me
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
But it came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay
But I hate you cause you drained me
But if you blame me, you're crazy
But you won't break me
But you won't take this thing out these words before I say 'em
But I think I'm still tryna figure this crap out
But it's time to exercise these demons
But I'm too busy gazing at stars, I feel amazing and
But I still fight
But when it's bad
But you promised her
But you lied again
But your temper's just as bad
But when it comes to love
But hold your nose cause here goes the cold water
But I kept rhymin and stepwritin the next cypher
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
But it feels so empty without me
But sometimes the shit just seems
But it's just me I'm just obscene
But no matter how many fish in the sea
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Ha!)
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Uh)
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
But guess what, you're gettin' older now, and it's cold when you're lonely
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral (Ha-ha!)
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get?!
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
But at least have the decency in you
But that's all I can be, it's just me
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so i'm signin' cd's while
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
But things have gotten so bad between us
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
But I promise momma's gon' be alright
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
But I promise momma's gon' be alright
But what happens when karma
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
But baby, wait!
But I'm only going to get this one chance
But I don't know what
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep-throating
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
But sometimes when you combine
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
But it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
But in my head there's something
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
But fuck it
But if I can't batter the women
But it's "Fuck the world," get a child out her
But I don't go around fire expectin' not to sweat
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
But what comes around goes around (Yeah)
But I get a hard dick from this shit and I stick it in
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
But what comes around goes around
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cuz
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
But now it's elevated cuz once you put someone's kids in it
But now he's fucked the game up cuz one of the ways I came up
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
But Lindsay, please come back to seeing men
But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun
But I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you
But you're a fuckin' mole hill
But if I was three foot 11
But really, I don't care who's in the right
But you're losin' the fight you picked
But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
But I just can't admit
But I just can't sit back and wallow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
But I already told you my whole life story
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
But, Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits
By one of your fans, irony spectacular, huh?
By the time they hit fourth grade
By 29 I had three albums that had blew
Call me crazy, but I have this vision
Can I hold grudges, mind is saying: "let it go, fuck this"
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't we fuck?
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like
Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Cause I'm
Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
Cause I need an interventionist
Cause the very thing that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it
Cause I ain't havin no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck
Cause I'm stronger than I was
Cause on the inside you're ugly, man
Cause you left and you took everything I had left
Cause I'm stronger than I was
Cause if you could've took my life you would've
Cause this morning I finally stood up
Cause I'm stronger than I was.
Cause ain't no way I'm let you stop me from causing mayhem
Cause I ain't playin' around
Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Cause I'm raising the bar, I shoot for the moon
Cause when it's going good
Cause today
Cause man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
Cause we consider these minutes golden
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Censor you like that one line I said
Checks in the mail
Chorus: Dido
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
Come to think about, his name was.. it was you
Come be in shady's world,
Come be in shady's world,
Come be in shady's world...
Come be in Shady's world,
Come be in shady's world...
Come inside
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
Coming back on you every woman you insult
Continue to peep, still bent low
Could start a revolution
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
Cuz you're scared, I ain't there
Cuz daddy couldn't buy 'em
Cuz daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
Cuz all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Cuz frankly I'm sick of talkin'
Da da dum da dum da da
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault
Dad's gotta go catch a plane
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
Daddy will be home soon
Daddy's with you in your prayers
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
Daddy's writin' a song, the song ain't gon' write itself
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Damn!
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
Damn, girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
Damn, I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
Did things
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew)
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for
Don't put out? i'll put you out,
Don't get me wrong,
Don't touch what you can't grab,
Don't mean to ruin your plans,
Don't you hear sincerity
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't feel no pain
Don't mistake him for Satan
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Don't hurt me
Don't hurt me no more
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Don't wanna see you
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Don't wanna see you
Don't try to deny it, baby
Don't mean you are, and you're not about it
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
Doody, thats what we call each other
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (Ha ha!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
Dr. Dre! 2020!
Dre, just let it run
Drunk from the hate
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
Emcees, blood get spilled and I
Eminem killed by M&M
Eminem 'cause I rap this way (Rap this way) but I'm glad
End up with two back hands,
Enough rhymes to
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsta's
Even know what hit 'em
Even though I know it's lies
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
Even if it meant acting stupid
Even if it sounds corny,
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
Every school I went
Everybody knows,
Everybody come take my hand
Everybody only wants to discuss me
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
Everything is so tense and gloom
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
Except for a dream, and a f*ckin' rap magazine
Exhausting, letting off on my offspring
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
Fame made me a balloon cause my ego inflated
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if a thing's stopping me
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Feel my wrath of attack
Feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Feelings I harbor, all this pent up resentment I hold on to
Feels like no one can beat me
Feet fail me not or not this may be the only opportunity
Fell down and I got right back up
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
Feminist women love Eminem
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sow, nitwit
First thing you said...
First off you don't know Marshall,
First time since you left me and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
Fix your bent antennae
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though."
For wanting my cake, and eat it too, and wanting it both ways
For that fuck your feelings, instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
For a dad to show up who never did
For shizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
Forget them other men, girl, pay them little attention
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album he's still shit and
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
Fuck you, Debbie!
Fuck it, let's all stand up!
Fuck it, shut up and listen
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Fuck, your beard's weird
Fuckin' right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle
Full of myself, but still hungry
Gag, chloroform rag, gag almost hack up a lung
Get along with the voices inside of my head
Get outta my face, looking boy
Get 'em!
Gettin' this stress that's been eatin' me recently off
Girl you just blew your chance,
Give every kid who got played at
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
Give your life to be as solidified
Give out from underneath me (Underneath me, I)
Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide, uh
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
Go back to Recovery, oh shoot, that was three albums ago
Go to sleep six feet deep, I'll give you a B for the effort
Go inside each other's minds
Go inside each other's minds
Go inside each other's minds
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket, it's got her picture
Goin' through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
Good lordy-wody you must be blown off that water bottle,
Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge
Got no ring on this finger now,
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play
Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day
Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat
Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (the fuck?)
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
Great then I falls, my insides crawl
Guess that they don't know ya
Guess that's why they call it window pane
Guess who's back, back again
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who? D'you miss me?
Gunner? Bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow
Ha ha, I guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha-ha, woo!
Had to give you a career to destroy it
Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Hailie, I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
Haily Jade...I love that name,
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his ressurection
Have you any idea that shit I've gone through?
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?
Have that I don't? Are you telling me tenderness?
Havin' this happenin' (This happenin') then attack
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He knows that, but he's broke
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
He nose dove and sold nada
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
He does not mean to lesbian offend
He's married to the game, like a fuck you for christmas
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
He's chokin, how everybody's chokin now
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy
He's so stacked that he knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He's a problem child
He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel
Heart is saying: "I will once I bury this bitch alive
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
Here we go again
Here today, gone tomorrow
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
Here's a maxi pad
Here's what they want from me
Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset"
High of a love
His gift is a curse, forget the earth he's got the urge
His soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping
His f*ckin' dad walkin' out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go…
Hit the lottery, oh wee
Hit the verbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
How could it ever be just us two?
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any f*ckin'
How could it be that the curtain is closin' on me?
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
How many verses I gotta murder to
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
How does it feel? Is it fantastic? Is it grand?
How the fuck can him and I battle?
How's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
I think you've been wandering off down yonder
I ain't here to save the fucking children
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Ruckus too, that shit was phat
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
I never knew my father neither;
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
I hope you know I ripped ALL of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I say that shit just clowning dog,
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's
I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot
I can no longer play stupid or be immature
I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
I hope you hear it we are in a car right now
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I am your lack of a conscience
I represent everything, you take for granted
I know what you wanna hear...
I think I love you baby...
I think I love you too...
I wanna grow together,
I wanna save you girl,
I can't be your superman,
I love these hoes,
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys,
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...
I think I love you baby...
I think I love you too,
I wanna grow together,
I wanna save you girl,
I hang around big stars all day,
I don't see what the big deal is anyway,
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...
I think I love you baby...
I think I love you too,
I wanna grow together,
I wanna save you girl,
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge
I wrote it on the calender, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say
I gave you all, you gave me none
I may never trust someone
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
I guess i had to go to that place to get to this one
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
I been through the ringer, but they can do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
I love the way you lie...
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
I can't breathe
I sufficate
I feel so ashamed
I snap
I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her
I guess I don't know my own strength
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love you too much
I apologize
I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
I was playin in the beginnin, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
I just settled all my lawsuits
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I should download her audio on MP3
I just get on the mic and spit it
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
I have no snare in my headphones
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
I don't know, that's just the way I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
I know it's confusing you
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
I don't see us ever being together ever again
I guess it was never meant to be
I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
I like the sound of that, yeah
I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
I don't know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
I keep havin' this dream
I look up, it's just me standin' in the mirror
I take a bow and thank you all for comin' out
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein'
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
I got a laptop in my back pocket
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
I know there was a time where once I
I make elevating music
I don't know what words to use."
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
I can feel tugging and struggling
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code
I ain't never giving in again (Yeah)
I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell
I am never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' Suge
I know you want me, girl, in fact, I see you grin
I know you want me, girl
I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica
I can't wait, I'm going back
I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze
I took my bruises, took my lumps
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
I just want to be just like you
I don't need no fucking man servant
I was never the type of kid
I just wanted to fit in
I dreamed of being that cool kid
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
I guess we would have to walk a mile
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in;
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
I will not fall
I will stand tall
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
I'ma name her Bonnie
I'm depressed
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
I'm walkin these train tracks, tryin to regain back
I'm feelin a little skeptical who I hang out with
I'm torn in my limbs, by each one of my friends
I'd never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
I've been driving around your side of this town
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
I'm the bullies you hate, that you became
I'm the hindsight to say, "I told you so!"
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
I'm here to save you girl,
I'm here to rescue you,
I'm single now,
I'll never let another chick bring me down,
I'll tell a mo'fuckin slut to her face,
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
I'll call you again,
I'll chase you around every bar you attend,
I'm here to save you girl,
I'm here to rescue you,
I'm not phazed,
I'll snap you off that bar stool,
I'm here to save you girl,
I'm here to rescue you,
I'll get back up and uhhh
I'll get back up and uhhh
I'd rather die than you not be by my side
I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit
I'mma be late for the pity party
I'm done being your punching bag
I'm still angry, yeah, I maybe
I'll get back up and uhhh
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
I'm like you gon fry and like
I'm not afraid to take a stand
I'll get you there
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
I'm way too up to back down
I'm standing up, Imma face my demons
I'm manning up, Imma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
I'm Superman
I'll never stoop so low again
I'll aim my fist
I'm tired of the games
I'mma tie her to the bed
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
I've created a monster
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only givin' you
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
I'm sorry, Mama
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
I'm sorry, Mama
I'm sorry, Mama
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
I'm liftin' you ten feet (Liftin' you ten feet) in the air
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (Of all you), I don't mean to be mean
I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired
I'm not gonna be able to top a "My Name Is"
I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'd go back to the jewler who sold it to ya
I'll give you one underdog, then you got to swing by yourself
I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
I'm not taking any chances
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
I'm an MC still as honest
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
I'mma work for everything I have
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
I'm the walking dead
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour
I'm stickin' to the script, you niggas skippin' scenes
I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away
I'm alive again, more alive than I have been
I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (Uh)
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
I'm not gonna let someone elses coffin rest on my conscience cuz
I'm the only one for you
I'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you
I'll give him my sandals
I'm sick of you bein' whack
I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
I'm starting to feel distant again
I'll be one tough act to follow
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
If you don't stop after they call you the
If there's anything you have left to say
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
If you tempt me, my tank is on empty (Is on empty)
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
If i'm such a f*ckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
If some shit ever just pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at your jaws with the knockin'
If I could just get over this hump
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first
Ill when I speak in tongues
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
Immortality like I have got
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that
In a relationship, save it bitch, babysit? you make me sick,
In my windpipe
In my voice when I talk
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
In my own words, I guess...
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
In my whole entire life, I can (Yeah)
In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name
In order for me to pick the mic back up
In my own sorrow
In my shoes, just to see
In my shoes, just to see
In every single place
In each other's shoes, at least
In my shoes, just to see
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
Into the same patterns
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Ironic cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
Isn't as crazy as it seems
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
It was almost a homicide that you caused cause I was so traumatized
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
It was the November 31st today, would've been our anniversary
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
It controls you both
It wasn't you
It don't matter, he's dope
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions was good
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve
It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
It's different, it's a certain significance,
It's enough to make me just wanna jump out of my skin
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
It's no secret,
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
It's like I'm in flight
It's like I'm huffing paint
It's so insane
It's going great
It's awful
It's the rage that took over
It's a different day
It's over, nobody listens to techno
It'd be so empty without me
It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
It's funny, 'cause at the rate, I'm going, when I'm 30
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
It's all political, if my music is literal, and i'm a criminal how the f*ck
It's f*cked up ain't it
It's funny
It's got a ring to it don't it?
It's my life...
It's spring and Hailie's outside swingin'
It's actually disastrously bad
It's me
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Yeah)
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Uh)
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
It's your moment
It's like all eyes on me
It's probably 110% different
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!
Jessica Alba put her breasts on my mouth (Blup!)
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
Just when I may have needed you most
Just to try to get people to buy
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
Just let you know that, you're not alone
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn..?
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Just tell the judge it was my fault and i'll get sued
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just smile back 
Just a feeling I've got
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Just to come and shoot ya
Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think
Just to see what it'd be like to
Just to see what we find
Just stay true to you
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...
Just as soon as I walk in
Just to see what it'd be like to
Just to see what we find
Just stay true to you so
Just stay true to you so
Just to see what it'd be like to
Just to see what we find
Just stay true to you
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
Keep askin' the same fuckin' questions (Fuckin' questions)
Kelly, they'll be putting your name
Kids
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
Killin' the flow, slow venom
Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still
Kiss my dick, hit my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass,
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard
Know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
Laney, uncle's crazy, aint he?
Last album now cause after this you'll be officially done
Last night I left hickeys on her neck
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Laugh at every single joke I crack
Leap tall hoes in a single bound,
Leave handprints all accross you,
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
Let go
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Let off then I'm reloading
Let me know when it occurs to you
Let's let our love unfurl.
Let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was “ehhhh”
Let's see if you can fit your feet
Lethal injection
Lets let our love unfurl,
Lets let our love unfurl,
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Lick a ballsack to get on my channel
Life is no Nintendo game
Life's handing you lemons
Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Like I reach my full potential, I peaked
Like you picked up an axe up and then swung
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
Like something's about to happen
Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
Like fuck it i understand this is business
Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain
Like a gun barrel, bitch, get off me!
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
Little gay-looking boy
Little white toothpick
Lonely roads, God only knows
Look me in the eyeball
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Look at me now! I bet you're prolly sick of me now
Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em
Look at shit through each other's eyes
Look at shit through each other's eyes
Look at shit through each other's eyes
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
Looking like someone shrinked his outfit!"
Love
Love that tattoo...what's that say?
Love with me, John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Love, love
Love, love, love
Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in '02
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
MCs get taken to school with this music
Made a living and a killing off it
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
Make sense to you right now
Make lemonade then
Man fuck this shit yo, I'm goin the fuck home
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
Man, get these whack cocksuckers off stage!
Man, I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch
Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess with your gal, but
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
Matter of fact, bake me a birthday cake
Matthew
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Maybe I need a straight jacket, face facts
Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Maybe gone, but he's not forgotten
Maybe i'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Maybe our relationship
Maybe that's what happens
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
Mmmhh
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
Monday through sunday yo,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Money outweighin' problems on a triple beam
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get
My OCD is conking me in the head
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm about to be a father
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers, and drop dead
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
My honesty's brutal
My biggest flops are your greatest hits
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
Nail her, baby, say hello to my little friend!
Need to get the cock up out it
Neither do I,
Never know what kind of car i'll be in,
Never loved you enough to trust you,
Never do nothing to hurt 'em
Never asked nobody for shit
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
New plan Stan
Next time you'll show restraint
Next time I'm pissed
Next time
Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow
Next to Ja, next to Benzino-die, motherfucker!
Night"
Ninety-nine percent of my life, I was lied to
No wonder you losing your mind, the way it wanders)
No more fans that are calling your name, cameras are off
No one could hurt me like you could've
No if ands or buts don't try to ask him why or how can he
No more beef flingers, no more drama from now on, I promise
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
No patience is in me and if you offend me
No more crying, wipe them tears
No more
No love lost, no love found
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
No, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
No, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
No, he won't have it , he knows his whole back city's ropes
No, I'm not the first king of controversy
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die
No, literally give an arm for
Nobody asked for life to deal us
Not this time, you better go and get sewing kit, bitch
Not once you called to ask me how I'm doing
Not a jealous man, but females lie,
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Not the expression
Not just based on my description
Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
Now say you hate homos again!
Now some of you might still be in that place
Now you're getting fucking sick
Now you're in each other's face
Now you get to watch her leave
Now I know we said things
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
Now let's go, just give me the signal
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city
Now how the f*ck did this metamorphosis happen
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscing
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Now I lead a new school full of students
Now Ja said I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
Now it's just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can
Now come in, girl
Now break it down, girl
Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do
Now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo!
Now I gotta cock back, aim
Now I had an excuse on the mic to write "Not Alike"
Now I could have either just
Now, I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Obie Trice
Of you not knowing what you had until it's gone
Of looking at 'em
Of course, they're gonna know what intercourse is
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
Of this chest and I rest again peacefully (Peacefully)
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause
Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road
Off a plank and
Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
Oh boy you drive me crazy...
Oh boy you drive me crazy...
Oh Amy! Rehab never looked so good!
Oh they can all get fucked.
Oh they can all get fucked.
Oh, you thought it was over
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Ok quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
Okay, you want me up in the cage?
On everything I own, I'll make it on my own
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
On the wall of shame
On "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
On the cable channel
On her massive gluteus maximus again
One day that I walk amongst you a regular civilian
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
One tough act to follow
Only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me
Only realized it was ironic
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
Ooh yeah girl run that game...
Ooh girl that's too damn bad,
Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't the skillest
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Or your friendship of sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
Or let me be me so let me see
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Or shot up on the block
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
Or am I just a product of pop fizzing up
Other side of my pack and stuck a spike, too, should've
Out the window
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Oy vey, that boy's gay
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
People just get sick 'cause you spit
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Pin 'em
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face,
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
Playin' over
Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (hold up)
Please don't let me be bitchin holdin no regular job
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battlin mode
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
Points a finger at me (Finger at me)
Polluting the air waves a rebel
Poof, then I'm gone
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand
Prove that if you were half as nice
Pull each other's hair
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
Puss blew out, copin shit,
Put Anthrax on a Tampax and slap you till you can't stand,
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time
Put a ??? and lift the whole liquor counter up
Put it to my brain, scream "Die, Shady!" and pop it
Put 'em all in a line
Quicker than a shock
Radio won't even play my jam
Radio won't even play my jam
Radio won't even play my jam
Rappers are having a rough time period
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
Real name no gimmicks
Realized I forgot to call you back
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? (Hehe)
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
Rihanna just hit me on the text
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
Sad, but it happens to all of them
Samantha's a 2; you're practically a 10
Same routine
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Saturday through sunday monday,
Saturday through Sunday monday,
Saturday through Sunday Monday,
Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far
Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (brrt)
Scratch, claw, bit 'em
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cos you
See Slim; {*screaming*}
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
See if I get away with it now
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
See, it's sad it came to this point
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (Yeah)
Shady made me, but tonight, Shady's rock-a-bye-baby, huh...
Shady's back, tell a friend
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin
She resuscitates me
She fucking hates me
She keeps screamin', she don't want me to sing
She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands
She's Lois Lane
She's pilin' boxes in front of the door tryin' to block it
Shh, momma's only gone for the moment
Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave
Shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Shut the fuck up!
Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Since you love you're city so much
Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S.
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad
Sixty thousand people, all jumpin' out their seats
Slim, chauvinist pig drove in this big, lincoln town car
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, oh hope you can swim good!
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity
Snatch the keys from your hand
Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
So I must then get, off the bus then slip
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
So before you rest your case
So one last time, I'm back
So please don't wake me from this dream, baby
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters and raise it
So lost in the moments
So they say it's best
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
So here I go is my shot.
So the FCC won't let me be
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
So just let me revel and bask
So this must mean I'm disgusting
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So will the real Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
So I crunch rhymes
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (Yeah!)
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (Yeah!)
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
So baby
So before you die let's see who can out-petty who
So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss
So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's out of ammo?
So let's talk about it (let's talk about it)
So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it
So I decided just to pick this pen
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
So I try to avoid any eye contact
So why don't you all sit down?
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
So oh oh
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
So when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launching at 'em
So...
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Someone standin' by it! (Standin' by it) No, I won't sign your autograph
Somethin ain't right, hit the brake lights
Something's wrong, I can feel it
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
Sometimes I just feel like, quittin I still might
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet
Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein pulled apart
Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MC's heart
Sorry, Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Sound like broken records
Spewing venom
Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (Haha)
Squeeze it, then squish it, then pass it to a friend
Stan, Stan, son, listen, man, Dad isn't mad
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Stick to the core plan, drag to the back of a trunk
Stiffen up that upper lip
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady
Still "Chunky, but Funky"
Still can fill a whole page with a ten-year-old's rage
Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase,
Straighten up little soldier
Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them
Success is my only mothafuckin option, failure's not
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
Suddenly a new burst of energy is occured
Superman aint savin shit, girl you can jump on shady's dick,
Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
Take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track
Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin'
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
Tap into thoughts
Tear this mothafuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged
Teeter-totter caught up between trying to be a father and a
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Testing attention please
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
Thanks for dissing me
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
That was yesterday
That we didn't mean
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
That means I'm on top of my game
That was never my object for someone to get killed
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
That a death threat or a love letter?
That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah!
That you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from
That's about as far as your buddy goes,
That's ammo for my arsenal,
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold
That's Slim Shady
That's when I wake up, alarm clocks ringin'
That's all they say, looking boy
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
That's right, it don't (Hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
That, with the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
The morning rain clouds up my window..
The morning rain clouds up my window..
The morning rain clouds up my window..
The morning rain clouds up my window..
The pressure's too much man, I'm just tryin to do what's
The way that you turned your back on me
The cause of my problems
The baggage you had, but as you gather up all your possessions
The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah!
The center of attention back for the winter
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
The most meanest MC on this, on this Earth
The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses."
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
The curtain closes, they're throwin' roses at my feet
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (Yeah)
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney, Nate hit me
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers'
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
The roof comes off (The roof comes off)
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
Then I turn and cross over the median curb
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
Then you wonder: "How can
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
Then I'll come out in beast mode
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the virdict
There probably was a problem at the post office or
There is no sun, and it's so dark
There goes another lawsuit,
There will be no next time
There you go
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
There ain't words that I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
There's a game called circle and I don't know how
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
There's a concept that works
There's birds singin'
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!
These ho's don't want him no mo, he's cold product
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
These fuckin' walls must be talkin' 'cause man I can hear 'em
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (Ow!)
They call me Superman,
They call me Superman,
They call me Superman,
They call me Superman,
They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I'm happy
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
They try to shut me down on MTV
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
They first were divorced, suin' her over furniture (Agh!)
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot
They call me a freak, 'cause I like to
They take a mile; they got style, but it isn't Slim
They can all get fucked.
They can all get fucked.
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
They're sayin' you got one more chance to do right and it's tonight
They're gone, and the spotlight is on and I'm singin'
They're screamin' so loud I'll take one last look at the crowd
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Think not
Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick
This is Stan
This fucking black cloud's still follow's me around
This whole rap city
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo,
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better,
This world is mine for the taking
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo, you better
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better,
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
This song is for anyone
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
This is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets
This is your moment and every single minute you spittin'
Thought some time had past and I forget it, forget it!
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't
Throw 'em down
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...
Till I woke up to discover that that dream was dead
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third
Time to put my life back together right now
To seize the moment and don't squander it
To intervene between me and this monster
To the kids who play 'em
To the same plant, and the same pants
To be walkin this borderline of Detroit city limits
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
To pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe
To focus soley on handling my responsibility's as a father
To go your separate ways
To walk away though
To seize everything you ever wanted-One moment
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
To do black music so selfishly
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
To not come and speak to me (Speak to me), I don't know you
To cop me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' as*
To get they hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Ave and who sulked us up in our corners
To burn it in front of you, ho
To wait by the door and pack his bags
To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
Toilets clogged, Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lot of shit but I'm backing it all up
Told you this is my fault
Too much pride,
Too much for me to wanna
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chumpy ends
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
Tryin to chase rap, gotta move ASAP
Tryin to feed and water my seed, plus
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Trying to hold onto it 'cause you may never get it again
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
Turns right around and bites you
Twice the magic that started it all
Two more exits, town is quite near
Two years, but you left on the first of May
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two little beautiful girls
Uh huh...
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
Uh, I think about more than I forget
Uh, be good or be good at it
Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
Unless it makes an impact don't bother
Until he bows out or he shit's his bowels out of him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Until the roof (Until the roof)
Until my legs (Until my legs)
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
Used to get 'em
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
Wait, you just dissed me? I'm perplexed
Walk up to the cutest girl and charley-horse her
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me
Was king of the underground
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
We should be together too
We just met and I just fucked you,
We were Bonnie and Clyde
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
We feel how we feel inside
We feel how we feel inside
We have nothing in common, poodle
We all fall down...
We all fall down like toy soldiers
We all fall down like toy soldiers
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
We all fall down like toy soldiers
We doin' this once
We gotta take these cards ourselves
We'll be friends,
We'll see how much you'll be partying then,
We're still together in my head
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
We're running right back
We're gonna have a problem here...
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' sh*t in they eyes
We're all we got in this world
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
We're the ones who made you
We're the ones who made you
We're the ones who made you
We're the ones who made you
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
Well I'm back
Well can it load a gun up for you, and c*ck it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Well I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else
Well, guess what? I am dead—dead to you as can be!
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Well, that's what they do
Well, look at all the massive masses in the stands
Well, I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
What you tryin to be, my new wife?
What you Mariah? fly through twice,
What you think, I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
What you crying about?
What happens when you become the main source of pain
What I do though for good
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios?
What do you know? Oops
What it's like, to be me
What it's like, to be me
What size you wear? I wear tens
What it's like, to be me
What is he thinking? Enough to not go against me, smart
Whatever weather, cold or warm
When I blew; see, it was confusing
When they say all of this is approaching its end
When it's time to walk away, I'm every guilt trip
When I say 'em or do something I do it, I don't give a damn
When you're with them
When you spit 'em
When you're in 'em
When a tornado meets a volcano
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
When I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
When they know they're your heart and you know you were their armor
When they get jealous, they confuse it
When I'm a million leagues above you
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
When I'm not even in my harshest
When you're so good that you can't say it
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
When your fans become your haters
When you're real and you spit and people are feeling your shit
Where must I go, who must I know
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at!
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (Oh!)
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
Where's my snare?
Whether he's on salary, paid hourly
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
While she colors her big brother and mother and dad
While I can fight
While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
While he played piano
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Who are going through a struggle feels and then relates that's great
Who must I show, to bust my flow
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
Who else want it, Kells?
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
Who's that dude
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
Why be a king when you can be a God?
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
Why you yellin' at the mic? (Illa)
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope)
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
With what I gave up to get was bittersweet
With this like winning a huge meet
With every faggot you slaughtered
With the wind in his bag
With his windows down and his system up
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
With all of this nonsense, it's constant
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
With an accent and grab on my balls so they always
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack
With this rappity brat
With fucking cornrows
With rock, shock rap with Doc
With a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak
With your corny lines ("Slim, you're old") -ow, Kelly-ooh
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—
Won't get out? i'll push you out,
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
Would you capture it or just let it slip?
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out,
Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Yeah
Yeah them chills
Yeah I know sometimes things may not always
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it
Yeah!
Yeah, It's been a ride…
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
Yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her
Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
Yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (Yeah!)
Yeah, that's right, it don't (Hurt me)
Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (pop)
Yeah...
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Yeah?
Yeahh...
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Yes, he can-can; don't ask me this again
Yesterday is over
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a
Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by
Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are
Yo I'm tellin you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned
Yo, His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
Yo, yo
Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked
Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling
You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get
You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC
You can just close the chapter
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can't see the truth but it's easier to justify what's bad is good
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
You don't plan for intruders before hand?
You high baby?
You want me to tell you somethin?
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
You don't want that,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
You want what you can't have,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you
You walked out, I almost died
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
You couldn't lift a single shingle lonely
You ever love somebody so much
You can barely breathe
You meet
You swore you've never hit 'em
You push
You don't get another chance
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You can do anything you set your mind to, man
You waited this long now stop debating
You ask for me?
You can get stomped by Obie
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit!
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad
You got me
You are just what the doc ordered
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
You fags think it's all a game
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
You get too big and here they come trying to
You write normal? Fuck being normal
You make elevator music
You kicked me when I was down
You showed me nothing but hate (Haha!)
You ran me into the ground
You can see the sparks from hot metal (Yeah)
You can still get roasted, 'cause Marsh is not mellow
You get no love
You kicked me when I was down
You showed me nothing but hate (Yeah!)
You ran me into the ground
You know you want me too
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
You sound like a bitch, bitch
You done?
You yellin' at the mic, you weird beard
You yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird
You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay
You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second
You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
You dress better, I rap better
You fuckin'... oh
You know I love you
You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock, is it a miracle
You Bizzles forgot Slizzle does not give a fuck
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
You're just plain ol' Marshall to me...
You'll just make me stronger than I was
You'll just make me stronger than I was
You'll just make me stronger than I was
You're the same as me
You're just as blinded
You're too old
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
You're pointless as Rapunzel
You'll never slow the momentum at any moment
You're the one they adore
You're a rock star (Baby) (Yeah)
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand?
You're the one they adore
You're a rock star (Baby)
You're the one they adore
You're a rock star (Baby)
You'll never live without
You're the one they adore
You're a rock star (Baby)
You'd look up to me, and for the record
You're fuckin' salty
You're coming with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us
Young Money, yeah
Younger me? No, you're the wack me, it's funny but so true
Your superman, your superman...
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo!"
Your red sweater, your black leather
a chance
a fan
about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from
about it
about it
ain't like you
and I can't see at all
and I can't see at all
and I can't see at all
and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
and I can't see at all
and here's an autograph for your brother,
and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant
and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it
and I clam up (wham) I just slam shut
and they genuinly care
and I continuosly stare at pictures of you
and dawg you'll never believe this
and the entire time you're just laughing at me
and snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
and I still have to get you back for that sh-t
and by the way them playboy rings
before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just
best
black people they got melatonin
but your picture on my wall
but anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your
but your picture on my wall
but your picture on my wall
but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a showy he found
but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I
but your picture on my wall
but somehow I know you're near me in presence
but Sharonda actually talks to me now
but you can bet you're legacy they'll never forget
c'mon - how fucked up is you?
can I raise a little girl
cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when
cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll
come be in Shady's world...
daughter?
die too
difficult as it sounds
do
down some
drowning
drowning
every time you mad
fan
fans
fine
four hours and you just said, "No."
got out of bed at all
got out of bed at all
got out of bed at all
got out of bed at all
hahaha..Talk to me...
he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
him
him?
hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
if the Salvation Army tryin to salvage an outfit
if its true, how the f-ck am I supposed to get over you
in their skin, we don't burn"
is pity from no one, the city is no fun
it
it
it
it was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn
it must have been at least 16 years ago
it don't stop there
it's not so bad..
it's not so bad..
it's not so bad..
it's not so bad..
it?
just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
just been stripped, I have just been vicked
just to give me some comfort
life
like I'm on fire
lose
made me sick
man how you touch so many f-cking lives and just leave us
masteroff.org
masteroff.org
masteroff.org
meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
mortom
mothafucka they can be great
moving past it, it still aint registered yet
my mother stole from you
never thought about each others skin colours
no swearing
of these streets quickly
oh boy you drive me crazy...
or maybe you just need to treat her better
or am I just a little snappy
or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
police fingerprint me
prima donna
she?
so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
something
songs and we can…
tell it
that
that I got
the spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
the motor city mo-town
they say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
thing that we wanted
this'll be the last package I ever send your ass
til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
to help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get
tryna walk under the trees
two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
up
was to
was a fist that hit you…
we was always brothers
well Nate finally got em back sh-t
well I put em in your cask-owww
what I'm doin I just blow, my head is a stove top
what the f-ck good does that do me now
when I look over and his shirt is off
who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me
why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as
with his kid
without me
wrists too?
yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
yeah, as difficult as it sounds
you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for
you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
you in time
