[Hook: Rihanna]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me
For wanting my cake, and eat it too, and wanting it both ways
Fame made me a balloon cause my ego inflated
When I blew; see, it was confusing
Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!)
Hit the lottery, oh wee
With what I gave up to get was bittersweet
With this like winning a huge meet
Ironic cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think
Cause I'm

[Hook]

[Bridge: Rihanna]
Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

[Verse 2: Eminem]
No, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
To seize the moment and don't squander it
Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
(Yeah, ponder it, do you want this?
No wonder you losing your mind, the way it wanders)
Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo
I think you've been wandering off down yonder
And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen
Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
Cause the very thing that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it
My OCD is conking me in the head
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the

[Hook + Bridge]

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Call me crazy, but I have this vision
One day that I walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
Emcees, blood get spilled and I
Take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played at
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
To the kids who play 'em
I ain't here to save the fucking children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels and then relates that's great
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that
Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straight jacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the
Chorus: Dido
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window..
and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
it's not so bad..

1st Chorus: volume gradually grows over raindrop background
2nd Chorus: full volume with beat right after
"thunder" noise

[Eminem as 'Stan']
Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or
something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
but anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your
daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm about to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want
him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest
fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Ruckus too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back,
just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

{Chorus: Dido}
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window..
and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
it's not so bad..

[Eminem as 'Stan']
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have
a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer
fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for
Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
four hours and you just said, "No."
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I
do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when
I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cos you
tell it
My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin
up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever
lose
Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S.
We should be together too

{Chorus: Dido}
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window..
and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
it's not so bad..

[Eminem as 'Stan']
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
this'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve
it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the
Night"
about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from
drowning
but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a showy he found
him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from
drowning
Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped ALL of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream
about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM
about it
I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE
without me
See Slim; {*screaming*}
Shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk
but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I
ain't like you
cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll
die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?

{Chorus: Dido}
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window..
and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
it's not so bad..

[Eminem]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is
she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter
that
and here's an autograph for your brother,
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your
wrists too?
I say that shit just clowning dog,
c'mon - how fucked up is you?
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling
to help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get
down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches
you in time
before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just
fine
if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as
a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that
made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant
with his kid
and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it
was to
Come to think about, his name was.. it was you
Damn!
[Eminem]

Sometimes I just feel like, quittin I still might
Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life
Somethin ain't right, hit the brake lights
Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault
Great then I falls, my insides crawl
and I clam up (wham) I just slam shut
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's
just been stripped, I have just been vicked
So I must then get, off the bus then slip
Man fuck this shit yo, I'm goin the fuck home
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road


[Eminem]

I'm walkin these train tracks, tryin to regain back
the spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
To the same plant, and the same pants
Tryin to chase rap, gotta move ASAP
And get a new plan, momma's got a new man
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand
Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors her big brother and mother and dad
Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad!
Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much man, I'm just tryin to do what's
best
And I try, sit alone and I cry
Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God
Please don't let me be bitchin holdin no regular job
Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are
Yo I'm tellin you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far
But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know
And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow
On everything I own, I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road


[Chorus]


[Eminem]

You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get
it
Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't the skillest
To be walkin this borderline of Detroit city limits
It's different, it's a certain significance,
A certificate of authenticity, you'd never even see
But it's everything to me, it's my credibility
You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC
who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me
But yet I'm still unsigned, havin a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline
But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go
Who must I show, to bust my flow
Where must I go, who must I know
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Cause I ain't havin no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck
it
Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit
I'm feelin a little skeptical who I hang out with
I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit
if the Salvation Army tryin to salvage an outfit
And it's cold, tryin to travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battlin mode
My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want
is pity from no one, the city is no fun
There is no sun, and it's so dark
Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein pulled apart
I'm torn in my limbs, by each one of my friends
It's enough to make me just wanna jump out of my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not
what I'm doin I just blow, my head is a stove top
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got
But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned
Ain't no fallin no next time I meet a new girl
I can no longer play stupid or be immature
I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage
Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words
Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge
Suddenly a new burst of energy is occured
Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird
Then I turn and cross over the median curb
Hit the verbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road


[Chorus]
[Verse 1]
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I am coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over
You can just close the chapter
And go about your life, like it was nothing
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
I'd never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
'bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges, mind is saying: "let it go, fuck this"
Heart is saying: "I will once I bury this bitch alive
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset"

[Hook: Sarah Jaffe]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can't see the truth but it's easier to justify what's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy, I just hate to be the bad guy

[Verse 2]
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get sewing kit, bitch
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sow, nitwit
Thought some time had past and I forget it, forget it!
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
Maybe gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think cause he's been out the pictures so long
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, go!
Have you any idea that shit I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor, all this pent up resentment I hold on to
Not once you called to ask me how I'm doing
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I've been driving around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
Or your friendship of sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential, I peaked
Continue to peep, still bent low
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders before hand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, gag almost hack up a lung
Like you picked up an axe up and then swung
Stick to the core plan, drag to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans, irony spectacular, huh?
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
I hope you hear it we are in a car right now
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy
How's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M&M
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you love you're city so much
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, town is quite near
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver side mirror
(Oh, God, Police!! Ah!)
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
New plan Stan
Slim, chauvinist pig drove in this big, lincoln town car
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, oh hope you can swim good!
Now say you hate homos again!

[Verse 4]
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
No, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Backs to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds
Toilets clogged, Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lot of shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollas
After the track is demolished
I am your lack of a conscience
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate, that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you every woman you insult
That, with the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything, you take for granted
'Cause Marshall Mathers the rapper's persona's half a facade
And Matthew and Stan's just symbolic
Of you not knowing what you had until it's gone
'Cause after all the glitz and the glam
No more fans that are calling your name, cameras are off
Sad, but it happens to all of them
I'm the hindsight to say, "I told you so!"
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call you the
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away, I'm every guilt trip
The baggage you had, but as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Unless it makes an impact don't bother
So before you rest your case
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
So one last time, I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice the magic that started it all
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up the last Mathers left off
(feat. Dina Rea)


[Dina Rea:]
Mmmhh

[Eminem:]
You high baby?

[Dina Rea:]
Yeahh...

[Eminem:]
Yeah?

[Dina Rea:]
hahaha..Talk to me...

[Eminem:]
You want me to tell you somethin?

[Dina Rea:]
Uh huh...

[Eminem:]
I know what you wanna hear...
'Cuz I know you want me baby I think I want you too...

[Dina Rea:]
I think I love you baby...

[Eminem:]
I think I love you too...
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Let's let our love unfurl.
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
I'm here to rescue you,
I wanna save you girl,
come be in Shady's world...

[Dina Rea:]
oh boy you drive me crazy...

[Eminem:]
Bitch you make me hurl...

[Eminem:]
They call me Superman,
Leap tall hoes in a single bound,
I'm single now,
Got no ring on this finger now,
I'll never let another chick bring me down,
In a relationship, save it bitch, babysit? you make me sick,
Superman aint savin shit, girl you can jump on shady's dick,
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase,
I'll tell a mo'fuckin slut to her face,
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face,
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
Kiss my dick, hit my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass,
Don't put out? i'll put you out,
Won't get out? i'll push you out,
Puss blew out, copin shit,
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out,
Am I too nice? buy you ice,
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life,
What you tryin to be, my new wife?
What you Mariah? fly through twice,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come, they go,
Saturday through sunday monday,
Monday through sunday yo,
Maybe i'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...

[Chorus:]
'Cuz I can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
I can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Your superman, your superman...

[Eminem:]
Don't get me wrong,
I love these hoes,
It's no secret,
Everybody knows,
Can't we fuck?
Bitch so what?
That's about as far as your buddy goes,
We'll be friends,
I'll call you again,
I'll chase you around every bar you attend,
Never know what kind of car i'll be in,
[Woman Screaming]
We'll see how much you'll be partying then,
You don't want that,
Neither do I,
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys,
Too much pride,
Between you and I,
Not a jealous man, but females lie,
But I guess that's just what sluts do,
How could it ever be just us two?
Never loved you enough to trust you,
We just met and I just fucked you,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come they go,
Saturday through Sunday monday,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...

[Eminem & Dina Rae Over Chorus 2x]

[Eminem:]
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...

[Dina Rea:]
I think I love you baby...

[Eminem:]
I think I love you too,
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Lets let our love unfurl,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
I'm here to rescue you,
I wanna save you girl,
Come be in shady's world...

[Dina Rea:]
Oh boy you drive me crazy...

[Eminem:]
Bitch you make me hurl.

[Eminem:]
First thing you said...

[Eminem As Women:]
I'm not phazed,
I hang around big stars all day,
I don't see what the big deal is anyway,
You're just plain ol' Marshall to me...

[Eminem:]
Ooh yeah girl run that game...

[Eminem As Women:]
Haily Jade...I love that name,
Love that tattoo...what's that say?
'rot in pieces' aww that's great...

[Eminem:]
First off you don't know Marshall,
Add also, don't grow partial,
That's ammo for my arsenal,
I'll snap you off that bar stool,
There goes another lawsuit,
Leave handprints all accross you,
Good lordy-wody you must be blown off that water bottle,
You want what you can't have,
Ooh girl that's too damn bad,
Don't touch what you can't grab,
End up with two back hands,
Put Anthrax on a Tampax and slap you till you can't stand,
Girl you just blew your chance,
Don't mean to ruin your plans,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come they go,
Saturday through Sunday Monday,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...

[Eminem & Dina Rae Over Chorus 2x]

[Eminem:]
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...

[Dina Rea:]
I think I love you baby...

[Eminem:]
I think I love you too,
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in Shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Lets let our love unfurl,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
I'm here to rescue you,
I wanna save you girl,
Come be in shady's world...

[Dina Rea:]
Oh boy you drive me crazy...

[Eminem:]
Bitch you make me hurl.

[Chorus 2x B/W Dina Rea Singing]
[Verse 1]
You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you
And I believe I'm striding the roads, I guess I can't breathe
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
And I beg and I plead, drop to knees
And I cry and I'd scream, baby, please don't leave
Snatch the keys from your hand
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
And you must hate me
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
And you've had enough of me
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge

[Hook]
But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
Cause I'm stronger than I was

[Verse 2]
A beautiful face is all that you had
Cause on the inside you're ugly, man
But you're all that I love
Aggressed, you can't leave
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please
And I'd beg and I plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, baby, please don't leave
Cause you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothing, nothing for me
So please don't wake me from this dream, baby
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
Till I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

[Hook]
But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
Cause I'm stronger than I was

[Verse 3]
You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide that you caused cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I'd rather die than you not be by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide, uh
We were Bonnie and Clyde
No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
Cause if you could've took my life you would've
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Other side of my pack and stuck a spike, too, should've
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time
No one could hurt me like you could've
Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
Bite me, bitch, chewing on a nineteen footer
Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left me and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
And a life we could've had and we could've been
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit
I'mma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chumpy ends
I'm done being your punching bag
It was the November 31st today, would've been our anniversary
Two years, but you left on the first of May
I wrote it on the calender, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say
But it came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay
And I thank you cause you made me a better person than I was
But I hate you cause you drained me
I gave you all, you gave me none
But if you blame me, you're crazy
And after all that's said and done
I'm still angry, yeah, I maybe
I may never trust someone

[Hook]
But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
Cause I'm stronger than I was.
They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the sh-t thats been thrown at me
or am I just a little snappy
and they genuinly care
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
and I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
what the f-ck good does that do me now
but somehow I know you're near me in presence
or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
and dawg you'll never believe this
but Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
man how you touch so many f-cking lives and just leave us
they say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
if its true, how the f-ck am I supposed to get over you
difficult as it sounds

Doody, thats what we call each other
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
we was always brothers
never thought about each others skin colours
til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
it was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn
tryna walk under the trees
just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
when I look over and his shirt is off
I'm like you gon fry and like
"No I wont, I'm black stupid
black people they got melatonin
in their skin, we don't burn"
meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
like I'm on fire
and the entire time you're just laughing at me
and snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
and I still have to get you back for that sh-t
and by the way them playboy rings
my mother stole from you
well Nate finally got em back sh-t
it must have been at least 16 years ago
well I put em in your cask-owww
moving past it, it still aint registered yet
but you can bet you're legacy they'll never forget
the motor city mo-town
hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
it don't stop there
yeah, as difficult as it sounds
[ Hook ]
I'm not afraid to take a stand
Everybody come take my hand
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just let you know that, you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

[ Intro ]
Yeah, It's been a ride…
I guess i had to go to that place to get to this one
Now some of you might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
I'll get you there

[ Verse 1 ]
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take this thing out these words before I say 'em
Cause ain't no way I'm let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say 'em or do something I do it, I don't give a damn
What you think, I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if a thing's stopping me
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No if ands or buts don't try to ask him why or how can he
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album he's still shit and
Whether he's on salary, paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shit's his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a fuck you for christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the earth he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe

[ Hook ]

[ Verse 2 ]
Ok quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that fuck your feelings, instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
Let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was “ehhhh”
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
All I'm tryna say is get back, click-clack BLAOW
Cause I ain't playin' around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how
I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still tryna figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't
This fucking black cloud's still follow's me around
But it's time to exercise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!

[ Hook ]

[ Bridge ]
And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, Imma face my demons
I'm manning up, Imma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now

[ Verse 3 ]
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly i probably did it subliminally for you
So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through
And don't even realise what you did, believe me you
I been through the ringer, but they can do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers, and drop dead
No more beef flingers, no more drama from now on, I promise
To focus soley on handling my responsibility's as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters and raise it
You couldn't lift a single shingle lonely
Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Put a ??? and lift the whole liquor counter up
Cause I'm raising the bar, I shoot for the moon
But I'm too busy gazing at stars, I feel amazing and

[ Hook ]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn..?
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
I love the way you lie...

I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife
In my windpipe
I can't breathe
But I still fight
While I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right
It's like I'm in flight
masteroff.org
High of a love
Drunk from the hate
It's like I'm huffing paint
And I love it the more that I suffer
I sufficate
And right before I'm about to drown
She resuscitates me
She fucking hates me
And I love it

- Wait! Where're you going?
- I'm leaving you...
- No, you ain't! Come back!

We're running right back
Here we go again
It's so insane
Cause when it's going good
It's going great
I'm Superman
With the wind in his bag
She's Lois Lane

But when it's bad
It's awful
I feel so ashamed
I snap
Who's that dude
I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her
I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
I love the way you lie...

I love the way you lie...

You ever love somebody so much
You can barely breathe
When you're with them
You meet
And neither one of you
Even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Yeah them chills
Used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick
Of looking at 'em
You swore you've never hit 'em
Never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face
Spewing venom
And these words
When you spit 'em
You push
Pull each other's hair
Scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down
masteroff.org
Pin 'em
So lost in the moments
When you're in 'em
It's the rage that took over
It controls you both
So they say it's best
To go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know ya
Cause today
That was yesterday
Yesterday is over
It's a different day
Sound like broken records
Playin' over
But you promised her
Next time you'll show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave
Out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
I love the way you lie...

I love the way you lie...

Now I know we said things
Did things
That we didn't mean
And we fall back
Into the same patterns
Same routine
But your temper's just as bad
As mine is
You're the same as me
But when it comes to love
You're just as blinded
Baby please come back
It wasn't you
Baby it was me
Maybe our relationship
Isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens
When a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is
I love you too much
To walk away though
Come inside
Pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity
In my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed
I'll aim my fist
At the dry wall
Next time
There will be no next time
I apologize
masteroff.org
Even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games
I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
I'mma tie her to the bed
And set the house on fire

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
I love the way you lie...

I love the way you lie...
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted-One moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?

Yo, His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin, how everybody's chokin now
The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah!
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy
No, he won't have it , he knows his whole back city's ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke
He's so stacked that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo
This whole rap city
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

[Chorus:]
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo,

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better,

His soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order
A normal life is borin, but superstardom's close to post
mortom
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose cause here goes the cold water
These ho's don't want him no mo, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum da da

[Chorus:]
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo, you better

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this mothafuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playin in the beginnin, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin and stepwritin the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
Cause man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Makai Pfeiffer, this is my
life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Tryin to feed and water my seed, plus
Teeter-totter caught up between trying to be a father and a
prima donna
Baby mama drama's screamin on and
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only mothafuckin option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go is my shot.
Feet fail me not or not this may be the only opportunity
that I got

[Chorus:]
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better,

You can do anything you set your mind to, man


Obie Trice
Real name no gimmicks
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
I've created a monster
'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
Quicker than a shock
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
When I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
You waited this long now stop debating
'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
Fuck you, Debbie!
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution
Polluting the air waves a rebel
So just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
You ask for me?
Well I'm back
Fix your bent antennae
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
And up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
A tisk-it a task-it
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby
You can get stomped by Obie
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me
You're too old
Let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene
No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'd be so empty without me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Kids

May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here...
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, suin' her over furniture (Agh!)
It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (Ha ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though."
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course, they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope)
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee."
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (Agh!)
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: "How can
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
It's funny, 'cause at the rate, I'm going, when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Ha ha, I guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up!

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted"
Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
Ninety-nine percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
'Cause I'm steaming mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo, yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet you're prolly sick of me now
Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now!
I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Ha!)
I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
'Cause I'da killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show
I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Uh)
Now, I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it?
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?
But guess what, you're gettin' older now, and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick, he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral (Ha-ha!)
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get?!
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit!
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? (Hehe)
Well, guess what? I am dead—dead to you as can be!
I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet

Dre, just let it run
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
Ayo
This song is for anyone
Fuck it, shut up and listen
Ayo
I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this, on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension, dispensin' these sentences
Gettin' this stress that's been eatin' me recently off
Of this chest and I rest again peacefully (Peacefully)
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter
To not come and speak to me (Speak to me), I don't know you
And no, I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me, my tank is on empty (Is on empty)
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm liftin' you ten feet (Liftin' you ten feet) in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (Of all you), I don't mean to be mean
But that's all I can be, it's just me
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense, it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content
The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses."
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (Finger at me)
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (On Marilyn) and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at!
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city
Havin' this happenin' (This happenin') then attack
Eminem 'cause I rap this way (Rap this way) but I'm glad
'Cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn
And it's burnin', and I have returned
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top a "My Name Is"
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
To cop me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (Got the patience)
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent and grab on my balls so they always
Keep askin' the same fuckin' questions (Fuckin' questions)
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
'Til I'm grabbin' my hair and I'm tearin' it out
'Cause they drivin' me crazy (Drivin' me crazy), I can't take it
I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without
Someone standin' by it! (Standin' by it) No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am

These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows
no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
And what bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His f*ckin' dad walkin' out
Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go…
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsta's
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a
mothafucka they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the f*ck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' as*
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind
every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off
of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so i'm signin' cd's while
police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If i'm such a f*ckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and i'm a criminal how the f*ck
can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that
was a fist that hit you…
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you, and c*ck it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and i'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our
Checks in the mail
It's f*cked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any f*ckin'
thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a f*ckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' sh*t in they eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold
it
Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our
songs and we can…
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away


Yeah I know sometimes things may not always
Make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me
Hailie, I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
Well I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
Cuz you're scared, I ain't there
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Laney, uncle's crazy, aint he?
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up his daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have gotten so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady
I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise momma's gon' be alright
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
Cuz daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
Cuz daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block
And your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Laney were to young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
Cuz all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, momma's only gone for the moment
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady
I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We feel how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise momma's gon' be alright
And if you ask me too
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'd go back to the jewler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't f*ck with dad (haha)

Yeah...
It's my life...
In my own words, I guess...
Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression
No, literally give an arm for
When they know they're your heart and you know you were their armor
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma
Turns right around and bites you
And everything you stand for turns on you despite you
What happens when you become the main source of pain
"Daddy look what I made"
Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's mommy?"
"I can't find mommy, where is she?"
I don't know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
Daddy's writin' a song, the song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog, then you got to swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spittin' image of her
That's Slim Shady
Yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight, Shady's rock-a-bye-baby, huh...
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
I keep havin' this dream
I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screamin', she don't want me to sing
"You're makin' mommy cry"
"Why? Why is mommy cryin'?"
"Baby, daddy ain't leavin' no more"
"Daddy you're lyin'"
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time"
"But you ain't leavin' no more, daddy you're mine"
She's pilin' boxes in front of the door tryin' to block it
"Daddy please, daddy don't leave, daddy, no, stop it"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket, it's got her picture
"This'll keep you safe daddy, take it with ya"
I look up, it's just me standin' in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talkin' 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're sayin' you got one more chance to do right and it's tonight
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door it turns to a stage
They're gone, and the spotlight is on and I'm singin'
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Sixty thousand people, all jumpin' out their seats
The curtain closes, they're throwin' roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for comin' out
They're screamin' so loud I'll take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein'
"Daddy it's me, help mommy, her wrists are bleedin'"
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'"
"You lied to me dad, and now you made mommy sad"
"And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'"
"That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin"
"I get the point, fine, me and mommy are goin'"
But baby, wait!
"It's too late, dad, you made the choice"
"Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us"
"That's what they want, they want you Marshall they keep"
"Screamin' your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep"
"Just take another pill, yeah, I bet that you will"
"You rap about it"
"Yeah, word, k-k-keep it real"
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be that the curtain is closin' on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream "Die, Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clocks ringin'
There's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swingin'
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to... say
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
Don't feel no pain
Just smile back 

Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes, six minutes)
Something's wrong, I can feel it
(Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity brat
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
Backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah
'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew)
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bust a rhyme'
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and be in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay-looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay
That's all they say, looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face, looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep-throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do
When they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
Still "Chunky, but Funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?

Love, love
Love, love, love
Don't hurt me
Don't hurt me no more
Young Money, yeah
No more
Love
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "Fuck the world," get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (No love)
I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my nightstands are full of open Bibles
Uh, I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expectin' not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
Money outweighin' problems on a triple beam
I'm stickin' to the script, you niggas skippin' scenes
Uh, be good or be good at it
Fuckin' right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
Okay, you want me up in the cage?
Then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code
It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Yeah)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
That's right, it don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
You showed me nothing but hate (Haha!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (Yeah)
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (No more)
Get 'em!
I'm alive again, more alive than I have been
In my whole entire life, I can (Yeah)
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit and I stick it in
I ain't never giving in again (Yeah)
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (Yeah!)
They call me a freak, 'cause I like to
Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (Haha)
Man, get these whack cocksuckers off stage!
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (Oh!)
Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute
Yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (Yeah!)
'Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (Yeah!)
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (Yeah)
You can see the sparks from hot metal (Yeah)
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (Yeah)
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted, 'cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm topplin' from the top, I'm not gonna stop
I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (Uh)
That means I'm on top of my game
And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (Shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
'Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (Shit)
People just get sick 'cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (Ow!)
And you can never break my stride (Nope)
You'll never slow the momentum at any moment
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride
Killin' the flow, slow venom
And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words
Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood
I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Uh)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
Yeah, that's right, it don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
You showed me nothing but hate (Yeah!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down...
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I am never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever just pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
Now Ja said I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions was good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' Suge
Now it's just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cuz
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cuz once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his ressurection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cuz one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Ave and who sulked us up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
There ain't words that I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the virdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at your jaws with the knockin'
Cuz frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone elses coffin rest on my conscience cuz
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

Guess who? D'you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You're the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You're a rock star (Baby) (Yeah)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you
Ahem, back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand?
How does it feel? Is it fantastic? Is it grand?
Well, look at all the massive masses in the stands
"Shady, man, no, don't massacre the fans!"
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it, then squish it, then pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes, he can-can; don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seeing men
Samantha's a 2; you're practically a 10
I know you want me, girl, in fact, I see you grin
Now come in, girl
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You're the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You're a rock star (Baby)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you
The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and charley-horse her
Sorry, Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't? Are you telling me tenderness?
Well, I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner, then
Nail her, baby, say hello to my little friend!
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut off the middleman
Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men, girl, pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in
Love with me, John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch
They take a mile; they got style, but it isn't Slim
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You're the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You're a rock star (Baby)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you
And that's why, my love
You'll never live without
I know you want me, girl
'Cause I can see you checking me out
And baby, you know
You know you want me too
Don't try to deny it, baby
I'm the only one for you
Damn, girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess with your gal, but
Jessica Alba put her breasts on my mouth (Blup!)
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
"Lord, help us, he's back in his pink Alf shirt
Looking like someone shrinked his outfit!"
I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Matter of fact, bake me a birthday cake
With a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down, girl
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You're the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You're a rock star (Baby)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you
So baby
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, get down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, get down
Oh Amy! Rehab never looked so good!
I can't wait, I'm going back
Ha-ha, woo!
Dr. Dre! 2020!
Yeah!

You sound like a bitch, bitch
Shut the fuck up!
When your fans become your haters
You done?
Fuck, your beard's weird
Alright
You yellin' at the mic, you weird beard
We doin' this once
You yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird
Why you yellin' at the mic? (Illa)
Rihanna just hit me on the text
Last night I left hickeys on her neck
Wait, you just dissed me? I'm perplexed
Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
Damn, I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack
Realized I forgot to call you back
Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap
Stan, Stan, son, listen, man, Dad isn't mad
But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun
And have a man-bun?
The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze
Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo!"
So before you die let's see who can out-petty who
With your corny lines ("Slim, you're old") -ow, Kelly-ooh
But I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you
By 29 I had three albums that had blew
Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do
Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
But you're a fuckin' mole hill
Now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo!
Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
Gunner? Bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow
Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (brrt)
Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (hold up)
Are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios?
'Cause I'm takin' a shit in 'em, Kelly, I need reading material
... Dictionary...
Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked
Go back to Recovery, oh shoot, that was three albums ago
What do you know? Oops
Know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in '02
To burn it in front of you, ho
Younger me? No, you're the wack me, it's funny but so true
I'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you
'Til I'm hitting old age
Still can fill a whole page with a ten-year-old's rage
Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play
Feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay
Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day
Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave
Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat
You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay
Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow
Kelly, they'll be putting your name
Next to Ja, next to Benzino-die, motherfucker!
Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain
Alien brain, you Satanist (yeah)
My biggest flops are your greatest hits
The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss
Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (the fuck?)
Bein' rich-shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name
Now I gotta cock back, aim
Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (pop)
It's your moment
This is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
Had to give you a career to destroy it
Lethal injection
Go to sleep six feet deep, I'll give you a B for the effort
But if I was three foot 11
You'd look up to me, and for the record
You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second
Lick a ballsack to get on my channel
Give your life to be as solidified
This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets
So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's out of ammo?
Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
How the fuck can him and I battle?
He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel
I'll give him my sandals
'Cause he knows long as I'm Shady, he's gon' have to live in my shadow
Exhausting, letting off on my offspring
Like a gun barrel, bitch, get off me!
You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
You're fuckin' salty
'Cause Young Gerald's balls-deep inside of Halsey
Your red sweater, your black leather
You dress better, I rap better
That a death threat or a love letter?
Little white toothpick
Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick
Thanks for dissing me
Now I had an excuse on the mic to write "Not Alike"
But really, I don't care who's in the right
But you're losin' the fight you picked
Who else want it, Kells?
Attempt fails, Budden, L's
Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle
Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still
But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
But, Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits
That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah!
I'm sick of you bein' whack
And still usin' that mothafuckin' Auto-Tune
So let's talk about it (let's talk about it)
I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
Need to get the cock up out it
Before we can even talk about it (talk about it)
I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think
That you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Don't mean you are, and you're not about it
So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it
You fuckin'... oh
And I'm just playin', Diddy
You know I love you


Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ha!, Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, God damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes
To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny,
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful
So...


'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, you feel weak
And when you feel weak you feel like you want to just give up
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you want to just fall flat on your face and collapse
'Til I collapse I'm spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing 'em
'Cause when I am not then I'm a stop pinning them
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them
Women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
Amoxicillin is just not real enough
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a
Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
You're coming with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock, is it a miracle
Or am I just a product of pop fizzing up
For shizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up
You Bizzles forgot Slizzle does not give a fuck
'Til the roof comes off, till the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
'Til the roof comes off, till the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get
When you're real and you spit and people are feeling your shit
This is your moment and every single minute you spittin'
Trying to hold onto it 'cause you may never get it again
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in;
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie
Andre from Outkast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney, Nate hit me
'Til the roof comes off, till the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
'Til the roof comes off, till the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MC's heart
What is he thinking? Enough to not go against me, smart
And its absurd how people hang on every word
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers'
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launching at 'em
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest
'Til the roof comes off, till the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
'Til the roof comes off, till the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Until the roof (Until the roof)
The roof comes off (The roof comes off)
Until my legs (Until my legs)
Give out from underneath me (Underneath me, I)
I will not fall
I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me

AAA.B
AAAAA