























































































































AAAAA
AAA.B
You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE
Emcees, blood get spilled and I
Between you and I,
I know there was a time where once I
No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I
Give out from underneath me (Underneath me, I)
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I
Neither do I,
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
My tea's gone cold I'm wonder why I..
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM
Eminem killed by M&M
Tryin to chase rap, gotta move ASAP
On "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
I should download her audio on MP3
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S.
They try to shut me down on MTV
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
All I'm tryna say is get back, click-clack BLAOW
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Ha!)
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?
I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica
Da da dum da dum da da
He nose dove and sold nada
Teeter-totter caught up between trying to be a father and a
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a
But no matter how many fish in the sea
Damn, girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
Behold the final chapter in the saga
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a
You showed me nothing but hate (Haha!)
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral (Ha-ha!)
Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (Haha)
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (Ha ha!)
And make him eat every carat don't f*ck with dad (haha)
I'd never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
Why you yellin' at the mic? (Illa)
I'm sorry, Mama
I'm sorry, Mama
I'm sorry, Mama
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I said I'm sorry, Mama
I said I'm sorry, Mama
But what happens when karma
Too much for me to wanna
prima donna
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
Samantha's a 2; you're practically a 10
I'd go back to the jewler who sold it to ya
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
Just to come and shoot ya
Guess that they don't know ya
Don't touch what you can't grab,
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
Cuz daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
Please don't let me be bitchin holdin no regular job
Then I turn and cross over the median curb
Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
And Matthew and Stan's just symbolic
Only realized it was ironic
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
MCs get taken to school with this music
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Fuckin' right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Ooh girl that's too damn bad,
But I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad!
it's not so bad..
it's not so bad..
it's not so bad..
it's not so bad..
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
But your temper's just as bad
But when it's bad
It's actually disastrously bad
While she colors her big brother and mother and dad
Hailie, I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
I'm the walking dead
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers, and drop dead
Till I woke up to discover that that dream was dead
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
My OCD is conking me in the head
Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head
Get along with the voices inside of my head
We're still together in my head
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had
Well I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
A beautiful face is all that you had
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad
Eminem 'cause I rap this way (Rap this way) but I'm glad
Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
Stan, Stan, son, listen, man, Dad isn't mad
every time you mad
Hit the verbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road
Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road
And take a vacation to trip a broad
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
And it's cold, tryin to travel this road
Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad
Here's a maxi pad
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
I'mma tie her to the bed
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
You're just as blinded
Tear this mothafuckin roof off like 2 dogs caged
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
I was playin in the beginnin, the mood all changed
After the track is demolished
You walked out, I almost died
Give your life to be as solidified
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Like I reach my full potential, I peaked
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
But you're losin' the fight you picked
just been stripped, I have just been vicked
They can all get fucked.
They can all get fucked.
Oh they can all get fucked.
Oh they can all get fucked.
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
That was never my object for someone to get killed
I feel so ashamed
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned
And it's burnin', and I have returned
For that fuck your feelings, instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
You are just what the doc ordered
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
With every faggot you slaughtered
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired
Suddenly a new burst of energy is occured
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
I'm depressed
Next time I'm pissed
Fame made me a balloon cause my ego inflated
I represent everything, you take for granted
thing that we wanted
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
Just tell the judge it was my fault and i'll get sued
All my life I was very deprived
But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved
Wait, you just dissed me? I'm perplexed
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
I'm not phazed,
It was almost a homicide that you caused cause I was so traumatized
Censor you like that one line I said
First thing you said...
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
For a dad to show up who never did
I was never the type of kid
I dreamed of being that cool kid
with his kid
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Even if it meant acting stupid
He's a problem child
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold
You're too old
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
What you think, I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
I'mma give you the world
We're all we got in this world
Come be in Shady's world,
come be in Shady's world...
Come be in shady's world,
Come be in shady's world,
Come be in shady's world...
Come be in shady's world...
And make her fall on her face and
But I'm too busy gazing at stars, I feel amazing and
You don't plan for intruders before hand?
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
Snatch the keys from your hand
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand?
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
Everybody come take my hand
Off a plank and
Ahem, back by popular demand
Baby mama drama's screamin on and
How does it feel? Is it fantastic? Is it grand?
Angels fight with devils and
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album he's still shit and
I'm not afraid to take a stand
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand
Put Anthrax on a Tampax and slap you till you can't stand,
He does not mean to lesbian offend
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
Shady's back, tell a friend
Squeeze it, then squish it, then pass it to a friend
Nail her, baby, say hello to my little friend!
When they say all of this is approaching its end
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end
I'll chase you around every bar you attend,
Just to see what we find
Just to see what we find
Just to see what we find
Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
To get they hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second
Leap tall hoes in a single bound,
but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a showy he found
No love lost, no love found
This fucking black cloud's still follow's me around
Cause I ain't playin' around
But what comes around goes around
You ran me into the ground
You ran me into the ground
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
1st Chorus: volume gradually grows over raindrop background
Was king of the underground
I'm manning up, Imma hold my ground
Why be a king when you can be a God?
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God
Rappers are having a rough time period
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
Cause when it's going good
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, oh hope you can swim good!
Oh Amy! Rehab never looked so good!
What I do though for good
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions was good
You can't see the truth but it's easier to justify what's bad is good
Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood
You yellin' at the mic, you weird beard
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
and snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
You yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird
Fuck, your beard's weird
Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third
You'd look up to me, and for the record
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
And its absurd how people hang on every word
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
Cuz all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
They're screamin' so loud I'll take one last look at the crowd
Fix your bent antennae
So the FCC won't let me be
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
Well, guess what? I am dead—dead to you as can be!
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
I guess it was never meant to be
I'm still angry, yeah, I maybe
I'll tell a mo'fuckin slut to her face,
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face,
Now you're in each other's face
In every single place
Now some of you might still be in that place
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
Prove that if you were half as nice
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Don't mourn, rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice
Obie Trice
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Am I too nice? buy you ice,
What you Mariah? fly through twice,
It's different, it's a certain significance,
a chance
But I'm only going to get this one chance
You don't get another chance
Girl you just blew your chance,
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
I am your lack of a conscience
And I just do not got the patience (Got the patience)
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
but somehow I know you're near me in presence
We doin' this once
By the time they hit fourth grade
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
Yeah, It's been a ride…
Too much pride,
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
Come inside
We feel how we feel inside
We feel how we feel inside
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
I'd rather die than you not be by my side
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code
It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode
Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battlin mode
Then I'll come out in beast mode
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Who's that dude
We were Bonnie and Clyde
You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
A certificate of authenticity, you'd never even see
All the things growing up his daddy that he had to see
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
In my shoes, just to see
In my shoes, just to see
In my shoes, just to see
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
Hit the lottery, oh wee
life
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
Or let me be me so let me see
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin with real life
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life,
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
It's my life...
And right now there's a steel knife
What you tryin to be, my new wife?
Okay, you want me up in the cage?
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Still can fill a whole page with a ten-year-old's rage
I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door it turns to a stage
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
Man, get these whack cocksuckers off stage!
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
20 million other white rappers emerge
His gift is a curse, forget the earth he's got the urge
Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' Suge
she?
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? (Hehe)
No if ands or buts don't try to ask him why or how can he
I can't breathe
And I believe I'm striding the roads, I guess I can't breathe
You can barely breathe
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the
Laney, uncle's crazy, aint he?
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
If you don't stop after they call you the
You can get stomped by Obie
Fuck you, Debbie!
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
Not a jealous man, but females lie,
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
I love the way you lie...
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
I'ma name her Bonnie
Matter of fact, bake me a birthday cake
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Now I had an excuse on the mic to write "Not Alike"
I'm like you gon fry and like
Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like
I can only tell you what it feels like
And show these people what my level of skill's like
And half of them ain't even funny like
The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock, is it a miracle
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so i'm signin' cd's while
I guess we would have to walk a mile
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle
All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"
I'm supposed to set an example
How the fuck can him and I battle?
two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Good lordy-wody you must be blown off that water bottle,
I'm the bullies you hate, that you became
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
You fags think it's all a game
Life is no Nintendo game
Ooh yeah girl run that game...
That means I'm on top of my game
On the wall of shame
In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name
Kelly, they'll be putting your name
I don't even know his name
Haily Jade...I love that name,
But I hate you cause you drained me
Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
No, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
So when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me
No patience is in me and if you offend me
What it's like, to be me
What it's like, to be me
What it's like, to be me
And flew you and momma out to see me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And there's a million of us just like me
Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me
And you must hate me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
Like a gun barrel, bitch, get off me!
And you've had enough of me
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if a thing's stopping me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me
Thanks for dissing me
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
And you're still in love with me
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time
And at the exact same time
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
But yet I'm still unsigned, havin a rough time
you in time
You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
Next time
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
He knows that, but he's broke
There will be no next time
But you won't break me
But you won't break me
But you won't break me
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
Here's what they want from me
Andre from Outkast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me
The way that you turned your back on me
How could it be that the curtain is closin' on me?
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
It's like all eyes on me
Man fuck this shit yo, I'm goin the fuck home
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
Goin' through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
down some
hahaha..Talk to me...
You're just plain ol' Marshall to me...
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
And left nothing, nothing for me
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
You ask for me?
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
You're the same as me
who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me
Baby it was me
And all of this controversy circles me
She fucking hates me
She resuscitates me
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Guess who? D'you miss me?
Everybody only wants to discuss me
It's me
Feels like no one can beat me
and the entire time you're just laughing at me
Are they asking me that because of the sh-t thats been thrown at me
Points a finger at me (Finger at me)
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney, Nate hit me
police fingerprint me
You got me
That's right, it don't (Hurt me)
Yeah, that's right, it don't (Hurt me)
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
Don't hurt me
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
But that's all I can be, it's just me
without me
It'd be so empty without me
But it feels so empty without me
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
Only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me
You don't know me
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
She's Lois Lane
Dad's gotta go catch a plane
Guess that's why they call it window pane
It's so insane
But it's just me I'm just obscene
fine
But sometimes when you combine
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
Put 'em all in a line
Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
Appeal with the skin color of mine
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
Same routine
Except for a dream, and a f*ckin' rap magazine
And after all that's said and done
You done?
Last album now cause after this you'll be officially done
I may never trust someone
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Poof, then I'm gone
Of you not knowing what you had until it's gone
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
Just let you know that, you're not alone
I gave you all, you gave me none
I guess i had to go to that place to get to this one
This song is for anyone
And still usin' that mothafuckin' Auto-Tune
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...
In my windpipe
And you can never break my stride (Nope)
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope)
It don't matter, he's dope
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
and they genuinly care
Where's my snare?
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
We're gonna have a problem here...
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
it don't stop there
Cuz you're scared, I ain't there
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
I'll get you there
And set the house on fire
like I'm on fire
You're the one they adore
You're the one they adore
You're the one they adore
You're the one they adore
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
No more
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (No more)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Don't hurt me no more
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
But I am coming for closure
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
I can no longer play stupid or be immature
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket, it's got her picture
The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
So before you rest your case
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please
Testing attention please
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase,
No more beef flingers, no more drama from now on, I promise
Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else
lose
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you want to just fall flat on your face and collapse
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
I'm a rip this shit till my bone collapse.
To pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
I sufficate
Drunk from the hate
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
If i'm such a f*ckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Younger me? No, you're the wack me, it's funny but so true
Now you get to watch her leave
Aggressed, you can't leave
And I cry and I'd scream, baby, please don't leave
And I'd cry and I'd scream, baby, please don't leave
I'mma work for everything I have
You want what you can't have,
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have
Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave
No one could hurt me like you could've
Other side of my pack and stuck a spike, too, should've
Cause if you could've took my life you would've
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Heart is saying: "I will once I bury this bitch alive
Love
I don't know what words to use."
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
But you're all that I love
High of a love
Love, love
Love, love, love
No! (No love) No! (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
You get no love
But when it comes to love
And that's why, my love
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I apologize
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze
Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off
No more fans that are calling your name, cameras are off
The roof comes off (The roof comes off)
when I look over and his shirt is off
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
As we pick up the last Mathers left off
Gettin' this stress that's been eatin' me recently off
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
I'll give you one underdog, then you got to swing by yourself
Daddy's writin' a song, the song ain't gon' write itself
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
Know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
Until the roof (Until the roof)
I'm done being your punching bag
With the wind in his bag
I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
Now I'm sittin in this empty house, just reminiscing
Let off then I'm reloading
It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
something
But in my head there's something
And no, I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing
And go about your life, like it was nothing
Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing
Don't be a retard, be a king?
This world is mine for the taking
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
I can feel tugging and struggling
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
See Slim; {*screaming*}
drowning
drowning
Not once you called to ask me how I'm doing
His soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping
no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Exhausting, letting off on my offspring
She keeps screamin', she don't want me to sing
When I blew; see, it was confusing
You waited this long now stop debating
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep-throating
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
When I'm not cooperating
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
So this must mean I'm disgusting
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
And don't think cause he's been out the pictures so long
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Don't get me wrong,
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Gag, chloroform rag, gag almost hack up a lung
Like you picked up an axe up and then swung
I say that shit just clowning dog,
masteroff.org
masteroff.org
masteroff.org
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (Oh!)
I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (Uh)
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Uh)
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Uh)
Yeah
Yeah?
Yeah!
Yeah...
Dr. Dre! 2020!
That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah!
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
But what comes around goes around (Yeah)
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (Yeah)
You showed me nothing but hate (Yeah!)
You can see the sparks from hot metal (Yeah)
Yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (Yeah!)
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (Yeah!)
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (Yeah!)
In my whole entire life, I can (Yeah)
I ain't never giving in again (Yeah)
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (Yeah)
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Yeah)
You're a rock star (Baby) (Yeah)
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I like the sound of that, yeah
Alien brain, you Satanist (yeah)
Young Money, yeah
The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah!
Love with me, John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
You sound like a bitch, bitch
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
Not this time, you better go and get sewing kit, bitch
I love you too much
You ever love somebody so much
Since you love you're city so much
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (Agh!)
They first were divorced, suin' her over furniture (Agh!)
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though."
But I do know one thing though,
But I do know one thing though,
But I do know one thing though,
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
To walk away though
Amoxicillin is just not real enough
So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through
Have you any idea that shit I've gone through?
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Mmmhh
Yeahh...
Let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was “ehhhh”
I'll get back up and uhhh
I'll get back up and uhhh
I'll get back up and uhhh
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
So oh oh
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
You fuckin'... oh
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!)
With your corny lines ("Slim, you're old") -ow, Kelly-ooh
Someone standin' by it! (Standin' by it) No, I won't sign your autograph
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
You push
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
I guess I don't know my own strength
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
I'm feelin a little skeptical who I hang out with
It controls you both
The most meanest MC on this, on this Earth
I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
Now it's just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide, uh
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
Uh huh...
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
By one of your fans, irony spectacular, huh?
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
Shady made me, but tonight, Shady's rock-a-bye-baby, huh...
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
With a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
Just smile back 
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Don't feel no pain, just smile back
Baby please come back
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back,
I can't wait, I'm going back
And we fall back
So one last time, I'm back
Well I'm back
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I'm walkin these train tracks, tryin to regain back
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
I just want her back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
We're running right back
Realized I forgot to call you back
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back
I'm sick of you bein' whack
Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack
Laugh at every single joke I crack
Take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack
Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Feel my wrath of attack
Havin' this happenin' (This happenin') then attack
Damn, I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
Backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
Last night I left hickeys on her neck
I'mma break that birdie's neck
It's all political, if my music is literal, and i'm a criminal how the f*ck
Superman aint savin shit, girl you can jump on shady's dick,
Little white toothpick
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick
made me sick
In a relationship, save it bitch, babysit? you make me sick,
Now you're getting fucking sick
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
Quicker than a shock
Or shot up on the block
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
You Bizzles forgot Slizzle does not give a fuck
Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (the fuck?)
Can't we fuck?
Cause I ain't havin no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back cause they suck
Or your friendship of sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
In my voice when I talk
Shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
But I'm actually weirder than you think
Ironic cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
Stick to the core plan, drag to the back of a trunk
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie.......
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
There is no sun, and it's so dark
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
So just let me revel and bask
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special
Add also, don't grow partial,
You write normal? Fuck being normal
That's ammo for my arsenal,
Now let's go, just give me the signal
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
My honesty's brutal
Polluting the air waves a rebel
I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel
On the cable channel
Lick a ballsack to get on my channel
He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel
You're pointless as Rapunzel
Checks in the mail
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
Look me in the eyeball
and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I will not fall
First off you don't know Marshall,
got out of bed at all
got out of bed at all
got out of bed at all
got out of bed at all
and I can't see at all
and I can't see at all
and I can't see at all
and I can't see at all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I will stand tall
Twice the magic that started it all
I hope you know I ripped ALL of your pictures off the wall
but your picture on my wall
but your picture on my wall
but your picture on my wall
but your picture on my wall
At the dry wall
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell
cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
But you're a fuckin' mole hill
Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
And they want to get one cause they think the shit's cool
When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school
I'll snap you off that bar stool,
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
can I raise a little girl
I know you want me, girl
Now come in, girl
Now break it down, girl
I wanna save you girl,
I wanna save you girl,
I wanna save you girl,
I'm here to save you girl,
I'm here to save you girl,
I'm here to save you girl,
Ain't no fallin no next time I meet a new girl
Lets let our love unfurl,
Lets let our love unfurl,
Let's let our love unfurl.
Bitch you make me hurl.
Bitch you make me hurl.
Bitch you make me hurl...
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
It's awful
Great then I falls, my insides crawl
Cause I'm
It's funny, 'cause at the rate, I'm going, when I'm 30
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
In the paper, the news, every day I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
And I am whatever you say I am
And I am whatever you say I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am
I don't know, that's just the way I am
Money outweighin' problems on a triple beam
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
I keep havin' this dream
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream
Radio won't even play my jam
Radio won't even play my jam
Radio won't even play my jam
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
If some shit ever just pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
Sad, but it happens to all of them
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them
When you're with them
or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Cause ain't no way I'm let you stop me from causing mayhem
Pin 'em
When you're in 'em
Feminist women love Eminem
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
These fuckin' walls must be talkin' 'cause man I can hear 'em
To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launching at 'em
Of looking at 'em
Get 'em!
Used to get 'em
Scratch, claw, bit 'em
You swore you've never hit 'em
Even know what hit 'em
When you spit 'em
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
Never do nothing to hurt 'em
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
To the kids who play 'em
But you won't take this thing out these words before I say 'em
Cuz daddy couldn't buy 'em
him
him?
Now I gotta cock back, aim
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Until he bows out or he shit's his bowels out of him
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
They take a mile; they got style, but it isn't Slim
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom!
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
Spewing venom
Women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Killin' the flow, slow venom
Everything is so tense and gloom
Blend in with the rest of the room
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from
So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from
mortom
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
Whatever weather, cold or warm
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
fan
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
songs and we can…
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
Then you wonder: "How can
I'm tired of all you (Of all you), I don't mean to be mean
That we didn't mean
a fan
just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
One day that I walk amongst you a regular civilian
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut off the middleman
Well, I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
You can do anything you set your mind to, man
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
They call me Superman,
They call me Superman,
They call me Superman,
They call me Superman,
I'm Superman
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
I can't be your superman,
Your superman, your superman...
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
And get a new plan, momma's got a new man
Cause on the inside you're ugly, man
New plan Stan
This is Stan
if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
Don't mistake him for Satan
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
Cause we consider these minutes golden
I'm alive again, more alive than I have been
And a life we could've had and we could've been
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Make lemonade then
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
We'll see how much you'll be partying then,
Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner, then
cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when
And I should not be woken
But Lindsay, please come back to seeing men
But if I can't batter the women
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
Like something's about to happen
Now how the f*ck did this metamorphosis happen
So I decided just to pick this pen
I ain't here to save the fucking children
And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen
Fuck it, shut up and listen
Maybe gone, but he's not forgotten
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
But you lied again
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Guess who's back, back again
Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
Here we go again
I don't see us ever being together ever again
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Yes, he can-can; don't ask me this again
Now say you hate homos again!
On her massive gluteus maximus again
Trying to hold onto it 'cause you may never get it again
I'm starting to feel distant again
I'll call you again,
I'll never stoop so low again
What happens when you become the main source of pain
Don't feel no pain
Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And at the time every house that we lived in
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin'
Never know what kind of car i'll be in,
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein'
That's when I wake up, alarm clocks ringin'
They're gone, and the spotlight is on and I'm singin'
There's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swingin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
You want me to tell you somethin?
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any f*ckin'
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at your jaws with the knockin'
Cuz frankly I'm sick of talkin'
Just as soon as I walk in
It's enough to make me just wanna jump out of my skin
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and woke up still in
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
black people they got melatonin
Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin'
And they blame it on Marilyn (On Marilyn) and the heroin
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
I know you want me, girl, in fact, I see you grin
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin'
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in;
I just wanted to fit in
But I get a hard dick from this shit and I stick it in
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
This is your moment and every single minute you spittin'
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in '02
No, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
Damn!
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
When I say 'em or do something I do it, I don't give a damn
But if one kid out of a hundred million
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Call me crazy, but I have this vision
Not the expression
And understand the discrimination
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
Lethal injection
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his ressurection
Now, I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Blow up and be in a position
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
Forget them other men, girl, pay them little attention
Not just based on my description
Could start a revolution
so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Cause I'm raising the bar, I shoot for the moon
Daddy will be home soon
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And when I'm gone, just carry on
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn..?
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn???
it was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn
in their skin, we don't burn"
But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn
And have a man-bun?
How's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
is pity from no one, the city is no fun
But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
Dre, just let it run
I'll never let another chick bring me down,
So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down
I'm way too up to back down
We all fall down...
Throw 'em down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
You kicked me when I was down
You kicked me when I was down
Baby, get down, get down
Baby, get down, get down
So why don't you all sit down?
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
And right before I'm about to drown
the motor city mo-town
I've been driving around your side of this town
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
On everything I own, I'll make it on my own
And get up and get my own
do
So...
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
Chorus: Dido
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
But I guess that's just what sluts do,
Well, that's what they do
Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do
Go back to Recovery, oh shoot, that was three albums ago
it must have been at least 16 years ago
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, go!
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go
Let go
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go…
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
You own it, you better never let it go
You own it, you better never let it go
You own it, you better never let it go
You own it, you better never let it go
You own it, you better never let it go
You own it, you better never let it go
There you go
Bitches they come they go,
Bitches they come they go,
Bitches they come, they go,
To burn it in front of you, ho
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
So before you die let's see who can out-petty who
So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's out of ammo?
When a tornado meets a volcano
While he played piano
It's over, nobody listens to techno
Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo!"
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo
die too
And if you ask me too
You know you want me too
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
Well can it load a gun up for you, and c*ck it too
up
four hours and you just said, "No."
We should be together too
wrists too?
I think I love you too,
I think I love you too,
I think I love you too...
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
I think I want you too...
I think I want you too...
You know I want you too,
You know I want you too,
You know I want you too,
Ha-ha, woo!
Now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo!
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...
I'm the hindsight to say, "I told you so!"
Just stay true to you so
Just stay true to you so
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Ninety-nine percent of my life, I was lied to
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
They call me a freak, 'cause I like to
Just to see what it'd be like to
Just to see what it'd be like to
Just to see what it'd be like to
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
You get too big and here they come trying to
Feelings I harbor, all this pent up resentment I hold on to
How many verses I gotta murder to
was to
Enough rhymes to
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Ayo
Ayo
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5
How could it ever be just us two?
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo,
Back to the lab again yo
Yo, yo
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Monday through Sunday yo,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Monday through sunday yo,
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I snap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
Ok quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
the spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
Maybe our relationship
Stiffen up that upper lip
So I must then get, off the bus then slip
Would you capture it or just let it slip?
When it's time to walk away, I'm every guilt trip
And flip them, don't expect no help
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
If I could just get over this hump
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (pop)
what I'm doin I just blow, my head is a stove top
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (hold up)
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
Please stand up, please stand up?
So will the real Shady please stand up
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Fuck it, let's all stand up!
Cause this morning I finally stood up
But now he's fucked the game up cuz one of the ways I came up
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
And when you feel weak you feel like you want to just give up
Or am I just a product of pop fizzing up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
Fell down and I got right back up
Shut the fuck up!
Jessica Alba put her breasts on my mouth (Blup!)
Toilets clogged, Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lot of shit but I'm backing it all up
With his windows down and his system up
For shizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
Put a ??? and lift the whole liquor counter up
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Slim, chauvinist pig drove in this big, lincoln town car
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
I know what you wanna hear...
Two more exits, town is quite near
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing with me, sing for the year
Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far
I know I'm a liar
And your mom was saving money for you in a jar
I think you've been wandering off down yonder
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order
And I love it the more that I suffer
I been through the ringer, but they can do little to the middle finger
But you promised her
Walk up to the cutest girl and charley-horse her
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spittin' image of her
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
I laid hands on her
But I kept rhymin and stepwritin the next cypher
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
Your red sweater, your black leather
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm about to be a father
To focus soley on handling my responsibility's as a father
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
I wanna grow together,
I wanna grow together,
I wanna grow together,
I never knew my father neither;
Unless it makes an impact don't bother
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Doody, thats what we call each other
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
and here's an autograph for your brother,
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her
But it's "Fuck the world," get a child out her
Straighten up little soldier
Next to Ja, next to Benzino-die, motherfucker!
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
Best believe somebody's payin the pied piper
Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
But hold your nose cause here goes the cold water
2nd Chorus: full volume with beat right after
daughter?
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter
In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter
And up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
Bite me, bitch, chewing on a nineteen footer
You can just close the chapter
And it's a disaster
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
I've created a monster
To intervene between me and this monster
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
You dress better, I rap better
or maybe you just need to treat her better
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better,
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better,
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo, you better
That a death threat or a love letter?
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
It's the rage that took over
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Playin' over
Oh, you thought it was over
Yesterday is over
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer
I'm liftin' you ten feet (Liftin' you ten feet) in the air
Pull each other's hair
There probably was a problem at the post office or
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for
Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?
No, literally give an arm for
When they know they're your heart and you know you were their armor
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
As cops appear in my driver side mirror
I look up, it's just me standin' in the mirror
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our
I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our
but anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your
I'm not gonna be able to top a "My Name Is"
Attempt fails, Budden, L's
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollas
He's married to the game, like a fuck you for christmas
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' as*
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsta's
why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as
And I thank you cause you made me a better person than I was
You'll just make me stronger than I was
You'll just make me stronger than I was
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Cause I'm stronger than I was
Cause I'm stronger than I was
Cause I'm stronger than I was.
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
Backs to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
Kids
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
End up with two back hands,
She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands
Well, look at all the massive masses in the stands
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
We'll be friends,
While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
I'm torn in my limbs, by each one of my friends
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chumpy ends
Go inside each other's minds
Go inside each other's minds
Go inside each other's minds
difficult as it sounds
yeah, as difficult as it sounds
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
Sound like broken records
Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words
And these words
And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
I'm not taking any chances
All this tension, dispensin' these sentences
And I beg and I plead, drop to knees
And I'd beg and I plead, drop to knees
tryna walk under the trees
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
Even though I know it's lies
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
And my nightstands are full of open Bibles
You left our family in shambles
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
I'm tired of the games
And burst in a ball of flames
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
So I crunch rhymes
I'm stickin' to the script, you niggas skippin' scenes
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
I have no snare in my headphones
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—
That's about as far as your buddy goes,
I love these hoes,
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
No, he won't have it , he knows his whole back city's ropes
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
Sorry, Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses."
Ill when I speak in tongues
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
We gotta take these cards ourselves
Look at shit through each other's eyes
Look at shit through each other's eyes
Look at shit through each other's eyes
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' sh*t in they eyes
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Until my legs (Until my legs)
Did things
Now I know we said things
Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
and by the way them playboy rings
Trapped in his own drawings
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
As mine is
Of course, they're gonna know what intercourse is
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
and dawg you'll never believe this
Can I hold grudges, mind is saying: "let it go, fuck this"
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
All I know is
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
I can't tell you what it really is
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
Real name no gimmicks
The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
There's a concept that works
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
I'll give him my sandals
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Who else want it, Kells?
Yeah them chills
But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
Two little beautiful girls
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
First time since you left me and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
Isn't as crazy as it seems
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
But sometimes the shit just seems
The cause of my problems
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
fans
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
Don't mean to ruin your plans,
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
Maybe that's what happens
What size you wear? I wear tens
The baggage you had, but as you gather up all your possessions
To cop me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Keep askin' the same fuckin' questions (Fuckin' questions)
But it's time to exercise these demons
I'm standing up, Imma face my demons
Life's handing you lemons
Into the same patterns
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios?
I took my bruises, took my lumps
What do you know? Oops
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
I'm the ringing in your ears
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
No more crying, wipe them tears
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
No wonder you losing your mind, the way it wanders)
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
That you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
we was always brothers
We all fall down like toy soldiers
We all fall down like toy soldiers
We all fall down like toy soldiers
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
To have Runyan Ave and who sulked us up in our corners
Cause man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers'
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
When your fans become your haters
That, with the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I know you got my last two letters;
Daddy's with you in your prayers
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
never thought about each others skin colours
this'll be the last package I ever send your ass
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Kiss my dick, hit my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass,
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
Have that I don't? Are you telling me tenderness?
In my own words, I guess...
So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
Sixty thousand people, all jumpin' out their seats
The pressure's too much man, I'm just tryin to do what's
Maybe I need a straight jacket, face facts
This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets
Somethin ain't right, hit the brake lights
Tap into thoughts
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
My biggest flops are your greatest hits
But, Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits
To be walkin this borderline of Detroit city limits
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
I just settled all my lawsuits
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
To the same plant, and the same pants
Now I lead a new school full of students
So lost in the moments
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts..!
man how you touch so many f-cking lives and just leave us
Ha ha, I guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
Nobody asked for life to deal us
Tryin to feed and water my seed, plus
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But things have gotten so bad between us
You're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows
He's so stacked that he knows
Everybody knows,
Lonely roads, God only knows
With fucking cornrows
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
To go your separate ways
For wanting my cake, and eat it too, and wanting it both ways
Yeah I know sometimes things may not always
With an accent and grab on my balls so they always
it
it
it
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys,
it?
mothafucka they can be great
It's going great
I'm asleep in the front seat
But I don't go around fire expectin' not to sweat
that
Give every kid who got played at
Who are going through a struggle feels and then relates that's great
I like the shit you did with Ruckus too, that shit was phat
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that
Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that
You don't want that,
Bitch so what?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
But I don't know what
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat
With this rappity brat
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at!
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
So I try to avoid any eye contact
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the virdict
And save me from myself and all this conflict
These ho's don't want him no mo, he's cold product
Let's see if you can fit your feet
The curtain closes, they're throwin' roses at my feet
With this like winning a huge meet
You meet
With what I gave up to get was bittersweet
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get?!
Uh, I think about more than I forget
but you can bet you're legacy they'll never forget
You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get
Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get
to help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get
I got a laptop in my back pocket
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
It's no secret,
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset"
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
moving past it, it still aint registered yet
Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
Cause you left and you took everything I had left
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
Night"
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I still fight
While I can fight
It's like I'm in flight
Sometimes I just feel like, quittin I still might
I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I told ya Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
They're sayin' you got one more chance to do right and it's tonight
Alright
But really, I don't care who's in the right
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
But I promise momma's gon' be alright
But I promise momma's gon' be alright
As long as the wrong feels right
well Nate finally got em back sh-t
and I still have to get you back for that sh-t
Bein' rich-shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
But baby, wait!
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
And you and Laney were to young to understand it
There ain't words that I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters and raise it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
When they get jealous, they confuse it
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
And I love it
Made a living and a killing off it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
if the Salvation Army tryin to salvage an outfit
Looking like someone shrinked his outfit!"
And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (Shit)
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Puss blew out, copin shit,
Never asked nobody for shit
When you're real and you spit and people are feeling your shit
It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit!
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit
I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
She's pilin' boxes in front of the door tryin' to block it
But fuck it
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
A tisk-it a task-it
Something's wrong, I can feel it
tell it
But I just can't admit
But now it's elevated cuz once you put someone's kids in it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it
Put it to my brain, scream "Die, Shady!" and pop it
Now Ja said I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
People just get sick 'cause you spit
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
To seize the moment and don't squander it
Cause the very thing that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it
I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
Uh, be good or be good at it
Thought some time had past and I forget it, forget it!
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
I just get on the mic and spit it
It's f*cked up ain't it
It's got a ring to it don't it?
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
about it
about it
So let's talk about it (let's talk about it)
Before we can even talk about it (talk about it)
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
Don't mean you are, and you're not about it
Need to get the cock up out it
So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
There goes another lawsuit,
I am never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sow, nitwit
When you're so good that you can't say it
This is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
Had to give you a career to destroy it
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
Told you this is my fault
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault
Coming back on you every woman you insult
and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant
With all of this nonsense, it's constant
I don't need no fucking man servant
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want
My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
Shh, momma's only gone for the moment
To seize everything you ever wanted-One moment
It's your moment
You'll never slow the momentum at any moment
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
they say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
It's probably 110% different
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
Every school I went
It's like I'm huffing paint
Next time you'll show restraint
See, it's sad it came to this point
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot
that I got
Just a feeling I've got
Immortality like I have got
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
So here I go is my shot.
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
Think not
You're coming with me, feel it or not
Success is my only mothafuckin option, failure's not
Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not
But if I was three foot 11
Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MC's heart
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
What is he thinking? Enough to not go against me, smart
Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein pulled apart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
Go to sleep six feet deep, I'll give you a B for the effort
just to give me some comfort
Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (brrt)
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
In each other's shoes, at least
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
best
So they say it's best
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
When I'm not even in my harshest
Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't the skillest
I'm an MC still as honest
I'll aim my fist
Cause I need an interventionist
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Just when I may have needed you most
A normal life is borin, but superstardom's close to post
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just
Now I could have either just
Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess with your gal, but
and I clam up (wham) I just slam shut
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
What you crying about?
And what bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
You'll never live without
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
His f*ckin' dad walkin' out
I take a bow and thank you all for comin' out
But I think I'm still tryna figure this crap out
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
Won't get out? i'll push you out,
Don't put out? i'll put you out,
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out,
Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
Rihanna just hit me on the text
We just met and I just fucked you,
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
I'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you
We're the ones who made you
We're the ones who made you
We're the ones who made you
We're the ones who made you
Don't wanna see you
Don't wanna see you
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
ain't like you
I just want to be just like you
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
And don't even realise what you did, believe me you
And everything you stand for turns on you despite you
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
I'm here to rescue you,
I'm here to rescue you,
I'm here to rescue you,
When I'm a million leagues above you
You know I love you
And neither one of you
and I continuosly stare at pictures of you
But I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you
I know it's confusing you
But it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
And I'mma still be humble when I scream fuck you
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
my mother stole from you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only givin' you
But at least have the decency in you
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
Just stay true to you
Just stay true to you
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Let me know when it occurs to you
if its true, how the f-ck am I supposed to get over you
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
I'm the only one for you
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
Admittedly i probably did it subliminally for you
Come to think about, his name was.. it was you
Turns right around and bites you
c'mon - how fucked up is you?
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cos you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
Leave handprints all accross you,
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
was a fist that hit you…
It wasn't you
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to hurt you
Never loved you enough to trust you,
My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
To not come and speak to me (Speak to me), I don't know you
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (Ow!)
Matthew
By 29 I had three albums that had blew
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew)
Out the window
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
The morning rain clouds up my window..
The morning rain clouds up my window..
The morning rain clouds up my window..
The morning rain clouds up my window..
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
There's a game called circle and I don't know how
And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow
Who must I show, to bust my flow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
You can still get roasted, 'cause Marsh is not mellow
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
Continue to peep, still bent low
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
I'm single now,
Look at me now! I bet you're prolly sick of me now
what the f-ck good does that do me now
but Sharonda actually talks to me now
Where must I go, who must I know
But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know
And baby, you know
He's chokin, how everybody's chokin now
Got no ring on this finger now,
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now!
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
I hope you hear it we are in a car right now
Time to put my life back together right now
Make sense to you right now
See if I get away with it now
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Gunner? Bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow
Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
Here today, gone tomorrow
Yo I'm tellin you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow
Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
In my own sorrow
well I put em in your cask-owww
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!)
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay
Two years, but you left on the first of May
Feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay
Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe i'll love you one day,
I hang around big stars all day,
Saturday through Sunday Monday,
Saturday through Sunday monday,
Saturday through sunday monday,
Cause today
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today
Sing with me now, just for today
Sing with me now, just for today
Sing with me now, just for today
That was yesterday
It's a different day
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
Oy vey, that boy's gay
But it came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay
Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
And even if I could it'd all be gray,
Almost as if to... say
I wrote it on the calender, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say
If there's anything you have left to say
Love that tattoo...what's that say?
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away
you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
And I just can't keep living this way
I don't see what the big deal is anyway,
You're a rock star (Baby)
You're a rock star (Baby)
You're a rock star (Baby)
So baby
I know you want me baby,
I know you want me baby,
You know you want me baby,
You know you want me baby,
You know you want me baby,
You high baby?
So please don't wake me from this dream, baby
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby
Don't try to deny it, baby
I think I love you baby...
I think I love you baby...
I think I love you baby...
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
And Moby
Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
That's Slim Shady
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady
And I'm just playin', Diddy
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey
But ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
Still "Chunky, but Funky"
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
You couldn't lift a single shingle lonely
But guess what, you're gettin' older now, and it's cold when you're lonely
And it seems like the media immediately
To do black music so selfishly
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
of these streets quickly
Of this chest and I rest again peacefully (Peacefully)
Whether he's on salary, paid hourly
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
And it's no movie, there's no Makai Pfeiffer, this is my
It's funny
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
And Nathan's growin' up so quick, he's gonna know that you're phony
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Even if it sounds corny,
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy
Get outta my face, looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
Little gay-looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy?
That's all they say, looking boy
They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I'm happy
or am I just a little snappy
A visionary, vision is scary
It was the November 31st today, would've been our anniversary
And I try, sit alone and I cry
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry??!
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
I never meant to make you cry
I never meant to make you cry
I never meant to make you cry
I never meant to make you cry
I never meant to make you cry
I never meant to make you cry
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Full of myself, but still hungry
But I already told you my whole life story
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy
No, I'm not the first king of controversy
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
I don't know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
This whole rap city
Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city
But it's everything to me, it's my credibility
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
Feet fail me not or not this may be the only opportunity
Don't you hear sincerity
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity
You're fuckin' salty
If you tempt me, my tank is on empty (Is on empty)
I'mma be late for the pity party
Just to try to get people to buy
And I hate to be the bad guy, I just hate to be the bad guy
Yo, His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
oh boy you drive me crazy...
Oh boy you drive me crazy...
Oh boy you drive me crazy...
But if you blame me, you're crazy
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
I'm not gonna let someone elses coffin rest on my conscience cuz
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cuz
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
